I	 started	 my	 career	 chasing	 unicorns.	 I	 joined	 Pinterest	 as	 employee	 number	 two,	 but	 in	 2011,	 I	 left
before	my	stock	vested	to	build	my	own	billion-dollar	company.
  I	 had	 spent	 a	 weekend	 building	 the	 prototype	 of	 Gumroad,	 a	 tool	 that	 helped	 creators	 sell	 their
products	 online.	 No	 complicated	 setup.	 No	 elaborate	 storefront.	 Just	 a	 link	 for	 customers	 to	 pay	 and
you’re	in	business.	More	than	fifty	thousand	people	visited	the	site	on	the	first	day,	and	I	was	sure	I	was
on	the	cusp	of	something	big.
  The	first	step:	raising	money	from	VCs.	As	a	nineteen-year-old	solo	founder,	I	found	myself	walking	up
and	down	the	mythical	Sand	Hill	Road,	sweating	through	my	jeans,	having	meetings	in	the	same	rooms
where	the	decisions	to	fund	companies	like	Netflix,	Apple,	Amazon,	Facebook,	and	Google	had	happened.
I	 ended	 up	 raising	 more	 than	 $8	 million	 in	 venture	 capital	 from	 renowned	 Silicon	 Valley	 investors,
including	Accel	Partners	(early	investor	in	Facebook),	Kleiner	Perkins	(early	investor	in	Google,	Amazon,
and	Apple),	Max	Levchin	(cofounder	of	PayPal),	Naval	Ravikant	(cofounder	of	AngelList),	and	Chris	Sacca
(early	 investor	 in	 Twitter,	 Square,	 and	 Uber).	 They	 too	 thought	 they	 saw	 a	 unicorn	 galloping	 in	 the
distance.
  The	chase	was	on.	In	short	order,	I	built	a	world-class	team—recruiting	talent	out	of	companies	like
Stripe,	 Yelp,	 and	 Amazon—and	 together	 we	 went	 to	 work	 on	 building	 a	 world-class	 product.	 I	 was
confident	that	I’d	soon	be	strolling	through	Allen	&	Company’s	annual	Sun	Valley	conference,	strategizing
about	the	fight	against	malaria	arm-in-arm	with	Bill	Gates	and	Warren	Buffett.	I	was	never	in	it	for	the
money,	I	told	myself.	I	wanted	to	make	an	impact,	but	quietly.	When	I	became	a	tech	titan,	I	was	going	to
be	the	kind	of	titan	magazine	profiles	called	“down-to-earth.”
  I	didn’t	make	it	to	Sun	Valley	that	summer.	Or	the	summer	after	that.	The	closest	I	ever	got	to	Bill	Gates
was	watching	him	speak	at	a	Kleiner	Perkins	CEO	summit.	Gumroad’s	pitched	flight	into	the	stratosphere
leveled	off	after	we	burned	through	about	$10	million	in	venture	capital.	After	nine	months	of	trying	to
raise	more	funding,	we	failed.	In	October	2015,	I	laid	off	three-quarters	of	the	staff—including	many	good
friends.
  Once	the	bleeding	stopped,	it	was	time	to	reassess.	Gumroad	was	still	operational,	but	I	felt	like	a
complete	failure.	With	many	in	my	circle	still	focused	on	raising	money,	hiring	employees,	and	chasing
their	own	billion-dollar	companies—some	successfully—I	couldn’t	bear	to	stick	around	Silicon	Valley.	For
much	of	2016,	I	kept	my	apartment	in	San	Francisco	but	spent	most	of	my	time	traveling	and	writing
fiction,	convinced	that	even	if	I	couldn’t	hack	it	in	Startupland,	I	could	still	build	a	life	for	myself	as	a
digital	nomad.	While	I	was	inspired	by	Tim	Ferriss’s	The	4-Hour	Workweek,	it	didn’t	take	long	to	realize
that	operating	Gumroad	as	a	lifestyle	business	wasn’t	for	me.	I	was	still	trying	to	figure	out	what	came
next	when	I	saw	a	tweet	from	Brandon	Sanderson,	one	of	my	favorite	authors,	about	a	science-fiction	and
fantasy	writing	class	he	was	teaching	in	Provo,	Utah.	In	January	2017,	I	jumped	on	the	opportunity	to
save	rent	and	save	face	by	moving	to	a	place	where	no	one	knew	me.	There,	I	could	figure	out	how	to
regroup	even	as	I	kept	Gumroad	afloat.
  I	knew	things	would	be	very	different	in	Provo,	but	the	contrast	still	surprised	me.	In	San	Francisco,
being	successful	means	you’ve	made	a	lot	of	money	(which,	in	San	Francisco,	is	a	lot	of	money).	In	Utah,
it	means	you’re	married	and	active	in	the	church.	My	new	Provo	friends	told	me	that	I’d	been	crazy	trying
to	build	a	billion-dollar	company	in	the	first	place.	Why	wasn’t	Gumroad	good	enough	as	it	was?	After	all,
I	had	a	sustainable	business	serving	a	group	of	customers	I	loved.	What	more	could	I	want?
  At	first,	I	couldn’t	quite	grasp	what	they	were	talking	about,	but	after	living	in	Provo	for	a	couple	of
years	away	from	the	white-hot	epicenter	of	venture	capital,	I	came	to	agree.	While	the	unicorn	I	was
chasing	turned	out	to	be	more	of	a	Shetland	pony,	my	original	vision	was	being	realized.	Thousands	of
creators	were	using	Gumroad	to	build	their	own	creative	businesses.	Real	people	in	the	real	world	were
