I	 started	 my	 career	 chasing	 unicorns.	 I	 joined	 Pinterest	 as	 employee	 number	 two,	 but	 in	 2011,	 I	 left
before	my	stock	vested	to	build	my	own	billion-dollar	company.
  I	 had	 spent	 a	 weekend	 building	 the	 prototype	 of	 Gumroad,	 a	 tool	 that	 helped	 creators	 sell	 their
products	 online.	 No	 complicated	 setup.	 No	 elaborate	 storefront.	 Just	 a	 link	 for	 customers	 to	 pay	 and
you’re	in	business.	More	than	fifty	thousand	people	visited	the	site	on	the	first	day,	and	I	was	sure	I	was
on	the	cusp	of	something	big.
  The	first	step:	raising	money	from	VCs.	As	a	nineteen-year-old	solo	founder,	I	found	myself	walking	up
and	down	the	mythical	Sand	Hill	Road,	sweating	through	my	jeans,	having	meetings	in	the	same	rooms
where	the	decisions	to	fund	companies	like	Netflix,	Apple,	Amazon,	Facebook,	and	Google	had	happened.
I	 ended	 up	 raising	 more	 than	 $8	 million	 in	 venture	 capital	 from	 renowned	 Silicon	 Valley	 investors,
including	Accel	Partners	(early	investor	in	Facebook),	Kleiner	Perkins	(early	investor	in	Google,	Amazon,
and	Apple),	Max	Levchin	(cofounder	of	PayPal),	Naval	Ravikant	(cofounder	of	AngelList),	and	Chris	Sacca
(early	 investor	 in	 Twitter,	 Square,	 and	 Uber).	 They	 too	 thought	 they	 saw	 a	 unicorn	 galloping	 in	 the
distance.
  The	chase	was	on.	In	short	order,	I	built	a	world-class	team—recruiting	talent	out	of	companies	like
Stripe,	 Yelp,	 and	 Amazon—and	 together	 we	 went	 to	 work	 on	 building	 a	 world-class	 product.	 I	 was
confident	that	I’d	soon	be	strolling	through	Allen	&	Company’s	annual	Sun	Valley	conference,	strategizing
about	the	fight	against	malaria	arm-in-arm	with	Bill	Gates	and	Warren	Buffett.	I	was	never	in	it	for	the
money,	I	told	myself.	I	wanted	to	make	an	impact,	but	quietly.	When	I	became	a	tech	titan,	I	was	going	to
be	the	kind	of	titan	magazine	profiles	called	“down-to-earth.”
  I	didn’t	make	it	to	Sun	Valley	that	summer.	Or	the	summer	after	that.	The	closest	I	ever	got	to	Bill	Gates
was	watching	him	speak	at	a	Kleiner	Perkins	CEO	summit.	Gumroad’s	pitched	flight	into	the	stratosphere
leveled	off	after	we	burned	through	about	$10	million	in	venture	capital.	After	nine	months	of	trying	to
raise	more	funding,	we	failed.	In	October	2015,	I	laid	off	three-quarters	of	the	staff—including	many	good
friends.
  Once	the	bleeding	stopped,	it	was	time	to	reassess.	Gumroad	was	still	operational,	but	I	felt	like	a
complete	failure.	With	many	in	my	circle	still	focused	on	raising	money,	hiring	employees,	and	chasing
their	own	billion-dollar	companies—some	successfully—I	couldn’t	bear	to	stick	around	Silicon	Valley.	For
much	of	2016,	I	kept	my	apartment	in	San	Francisco	but	spent	most	of	my	time	traveling	and	writing
fiction,	convinced	that	even	if	I	couldn’t	hack	it	in	Startupland,	I	could	still	build	a	life	for	myself	as	a
digital	nomad.	While	I	was	inspired	by	Tim	Ferriss’s	The	4-Hour	Workweek,	it	didn’t	take	long	to	realize
that	operating	Gumroad	as	a	lifestyle	business	wasn’t	for	me.	I	was	still	trying	to	figure	out	what	came
next	when	I	saw	a	tweet	from	Brandon	Sanderson,	one	of	my	favorite	authors,	about	a	science-fiction	and
fantasy	writing	class	he	was	teaching	in	Provo,	Utah.	In	January	2017,	I	jumped	on	the	opportunity	to
save	rent	and	save	face	by	moving	to	a	place	where	no	one	knew	me.	There,	I	could	figure	out	how	to
regroup	even	as	I	kept	Gumroad	afloat.
  I	knew	things	would	be	very	different	in	Provo,	but	the	contrast	still	surprised	me.	In	San	Francisco,
being	successful	means	you’ve	made	a	lot	of	money	(which,	in	San	Francisco,	is	a	lot	of	money).	In	Utah,
it	means	you’re	married	and	active	in	the	church.	My	new	Provo	friends	told	me	that	I’d	been	crazy	trying
to	build	a	billion-dollar	company	in	the	first	place.	Why	wasn’t	Gumroad	good	enough	as	it	was?	After	all,
I	had	a	sustainable	business	serving	a	group	of	customers	I	loved.	What	more	could	I	want?
  At	first,	I	couldn’t	quite	grasp	what	they	were	talking	about,	but	after	living	in	Provo	for	a	couple	of
years	away	from	the	white-hot	epicenter	of	venture	capital,	I	came	to	agree.	While	the	unicorn	I	was
chasing	turned	out	to	be	more	of	a	Shetland	pony,	my	original	vision	was	being	realized.	Thousands	of
creators	were	using	Gumroad	to	build	their	own	creative	businesses.	Real	people	in	the	real	world	were
paying	their	mortgages	or	topping	off	their	kids’	college	funds	or	simply	paying	for	a	few	extra	lattes	by
selling	courses,	ebooks,	and	software	online.
  Over	time,	I	realized	that	the	problem	wasn’t	Gumroad,	the	problem	was	me.	I	was	still	so	focused	on
that	elusive	unicorn,	I	couldn’t	see	the	thriving	business	humming	along	right	in	front	of	me.	Gumroad
was	profitable,	the	right	size	for	its	market,	and	enabling	more	and	more	writers,	coders,	crafters,	and
other	 makers	 to	 achieve	 their	 dreams	 with	 each	 passing	 day.	 Gumroad	 may	 have	 been	 a	 crappy
investment	for	a	few	venture	capitalists,	but	it	was	still	a	great	company	for	its	customers.
  In	the	year	after	the	layoffs,	when	I	worked	by	myself,	Gumroad	still	sent	approximately	$40	million	to
our	 creators,	 without	 any	 content	 marketing	 or	 paid	 advertising.	 Just	 creators	 telling	 other	 creators.
When	I	recommitted	to	growing	the	company	again	in	2019,	I	continued	to	say	no	to	those	things	I	had
said	yes	to	previously,	and	focused	solely	on	what	would	create	more	value	for	our	creators.	(Namely,
shipping	a	better	product.)	It	worked:	In	2020	Gumroad	sent	more	than	$140	million	to	our	creators,	up
87	percent	over	the	year	before,	all	while	remaining	profitable.
  Companies	like	mine	may	not	grace	the	covers	of	glossy	magazines	or	inspire	Hollywood	biopics,	but
they	drive	real,	positive	change	and	empower	their	founders,	customers,	and	employees	alike.	I	know	that
now,	but	it	took	me	years	to	decouple	my	self-worth	from	my	net	worth	and	to	realize	that	I	hadn’t	failed.	I
had	succeeded.
  In	February	2019,	I	wrote	about	my	experience	in	a	Medium	essay,	“Reflecting	on	My	Failure	to	Build	a
Billion-Dollar	Company,”	that	struck	a	chord	with	millions.	Since	then,	I’ve	had	the	chance	to	connect	with
entrepreneurs	 and	 aspiring	 entrepreneurs	 who,	 deep	 down,	 would	 much	 rather	 build	 a	 sustainable
business	like	Gumroad	than	chase	a	unicorn.	They	just	think	it’s	weird	and	uncool	to	express	that	desire
when	the	media	and	our	bigger-is-better	culture	keeps	telling	them	that	a	unicorn	is	the	only	kind	of
business	worth	creating.
  While	that	may	be	the	right	path	for	some	companies,	for	many	more	it’s	not.	Yet	plenty	of	early-stage
startups	still	end	up	raising	venture	capital	because	they	can’t	fund	their	businesses	in	a	sustainable	way
through	profits.	As	a	result,	they’re	locked	into	the	pursuit	of	huge,	winner-take-all	markets	where	growth
is	the	most	important	asset	of	their	businesses,	not	revenues,	profits,	or	sustainability.
  To	help	me	reconcile	those	differences,	I	asked	myself	certain	questions	over	and	over	again:	What	do	I
actually	care	to	change?	If	I	could	fix	one	thing	about	my	corner	of	the	world,	what	would	that	be?	What
kind	of	business	do	I	really	want	to	build,	own,	and	run?
  Other	 founders	 and	 future	 founders	 have	 asked	 themselves	 similar	 questions	 and	 come	 to	 similar
realizations.	 Many	 of	 their	 stories	 are	 included	 in	 this	 book.	 I	 call	 these	 people	 “minimalist
entrepreneurs,”	and	I	call	their	companies	“minimalist	businesses.”
  Building	 a	 minimalist	 business	 does	 not	 mean	 settling	 for	 second	 best.	 Instead,	 it’s	 about	 creating
sustainable	 companies	 that	 have	 the	 flexibility	 to	 take	 risks	 to	 serve	 the	 greater	 good,	 all	 while
empowering	others	to	do	the	same.	Being	profitable,	hopefully	from	the	very	beginning,	means	being	able
to	focus	and	to	stay	focused	on	the	reason	you	started	a	business	in	the	first	place:	to	help	others.
  Historically,	entrepreneurs	have	played	a	crucial	role	in	driving	technological	and	social	progress.	This
is	even	more	necessary	today,	when	big	corporations	are	required	by	law	to	prioritize	shareholder	value
over,	 among	 other	 things,	 actual	 value.	 In	 researching	 this	 book,	 I’ve	 found	 countless	 examples	 of
businesses	such	as	Basecamp,	Wistia,	Missouri	Star	Quilt	Company,	and	many	other	honest-to-goodness,
highly	scalable	companies	incredibly	focused	on	solving	meaningful	problems	with	beautiful	products,
services,	and	software	that	people	love—and	making	a	profit	doing	it.	Each	company	goes	about	things
their	own	way	depending	on	the	specific	community	they’re	building	for,	but	they	all	focus	on	problem-
solving	and	not	taking	themselves	too	seriously.	No	matter	their	differences,	we	can	learn	from	them	all.
  Unfortunately,	the	word	“entrepreneur”	has	a	weird	taint	to	it.	I	remember	going	to	a	“Career	Fair”	at
school	 and	 not	 identifying	 with	 the	 “entrepreneurs”	 at	 all.	 They	 seemed	 like	 businessmen	 (they	 were
always	men),	and	I	didn’t	even	like	business.	I	liked	making	things!	Eventually	I	realized	that	a	business	is
not	an	end	in	and	of	itself.	A	business	is	a	tool	to	make	or	do	stuff,	a	legal	structure;	that’s	it.	At	first	I
didn’t	need	a	company,	but	eventually	my	creations	required	a	legal	structure,	a	team,	and	an	operation
to	make	the	stuff	I	wanted	to	make,	so	I	started	a	business.
  When	I	made	my	transition	from	unicorn	chaser	to	minimalist	entrepreneur,	I	had	to	wrap	my	head
around	another	new	normal.	This	book	is	about	deconstructing	the	myths	we	tell	ourselves	about	the	best
way	to	build	impactful	businesses	to	change	the	abstract,	singular	“world,”	and	about	seeking	the	truth
about	 how	 to	 build	 the	 businesses	 that	 will	 make	 us	 and	 our	 communities	 wealthier,	 healthier,	 and
happier.
  In	the	end,	my	failure	to	launch	Gumroad	into	the	stratosphere	was	the	best	thing	that	ever	happened
to	 me,	 because	 it	 taught	 me	 the	 very	 real	 consequences	 behind	 a	 “growth	 at	 all	 costs”	 mindset.
Unfortunately,	it	took	me	eight	years,	and	a	lot	of	pain,	to	realize	it.	I	hope	this	book	will	help	other
aspiring	entrepreneurs	learn	the	lessons	I	learned	without	the	painful	layoffs	and	years	of	soul-searching.
The	 overwhelming	 response	 to	 the	 viral	 essay	 I	 wrote	 about	 my	 experience	 is	 more	 proof	 that	 this
promise	resonates	with	many.
  This	book,	part	manifesto,	part	manual,	will	help	you	design,	build,	and	successfully	grow	your	own
right-size	business.	Read	it	again	and	again,	especially	when	you	feel	stuck.	But	keep	in	mind	that	you
definitely	do	not	need	to	finish	this	book	to	start.	Start	as	soon	as	you	can.	Start	before	you	feel	ready.
Start	today.
  You	don’t	learn,	then	start.	You	start,	then	learn.
  Now,	let’s	get	to	it!
The	beginnings	of	all	things	are	small.
                 — CICERO
Atlanta-based	web	developer	Peter	Askew	loves	to	get	things	off	the	top	shelf	at	the	supermarket	for
people	 who	 can’t	 reach	 the	 same	 heights	 he	 can.	 A	 six-foot-eight	 former	 high	 school	 basketball	 star,
Askew	sees	being	helpful	as	the	pillar	of	his	business	strategy,	but	it	wasn’t	always	that	way.	When	the
dot-com	bubble	burst	in	2001	and	he	was	laid	off	from	eTour,	a	websurfing	guide	he	helped	build	and
grow,	he	had	to	ask	himself,	“Is	this	how	I	want	to	live?	Is	this	how	I	can	be	of	service	to	the	world?”
  He	knew	he	could	get	another	job	thanks	to	his	background	in	marketing	analytics,	but	he	was	also
disillusioned.	Money	and	prestige	were	not	nearly	as	important	to	him	as	independence	and	freedom.
Eventually	 he	 wound	 up	 with	 another	 role	 in	 advertising	 where	 he	 was	 exposed	 to	 a	 wide	 range	 of
business	models	as	thousands	of	new	web	businesses	came	online,	but	in	the	evening	and	on	weekends,
he	threw	 himself	 into	 his	 side	 projects,	 learning	 about	 web	 development,	 domain	 names,	 and	 how	 to
monetize	web	traffic.
  That’s	how	he	stumbled	on	an	idea	that	would	change	his	life.	What	if	instead	of	buying	new	domain
names,	 which	 often	 took	 months	 to	 rank	 highly	 in	 search	 engine	 results,	 he	 bought	 expired	 domain
names,	which	already	had	some	degree	of	visibility?	Other	people	were	parking	ads	on	expired	domains
or	flipping	them,	but	Askew	had	something	else	in	mind,	 the	seed	of	an	idea	that	was	driven	by	 the
questions	he	had	started	to	ask	himself	about	his	work.	Rather	than	trying	to	make	a	quick	buck,	he
would	build	real	businesses	around	domain	names,	asking	himself	with	each	one,	“Do	I	feel	inspired?	Is
there	a	real	business	here?,”	and,	most	of	all,	“Can	I	be	helpful?”
  He	experimented	with	randomly	created	names	and	ventures	that	didn’t	quite	work	before	he	realized
that	“the	domain	name	always	comes	first,	the	business	idea	comes	second.”	In	2009,	that	domain	name
was	duderanch.com.	Askew	bought	it	and	launched	a	directory,	traveling	to	more	than	fifty	dude	ranches
to	meet	the	owners	of	the	destinations	he	featured	on	his	site.	Eventually	he	partnered	with	the	owner	of
guestranches.com,	and	the	two	built	a	curated	list	of	destination	ranches	around	the	country.	The	success
of	that	venture,	which	he	worked	on	for	ten	years	and	sold	in	2019,	gave	him	the	time	and	financial
freedom	to	buy	more	domain	names	and	develop	other	niche	businesses.	Some	succeeded,	others	didn’t.
  In	 2014,	 Askew	 saw	 that	 VidaliaOnions.com	 was	 up	 for	 auction.	 Until	 then,	 he	 had	 focused	 on
information-based	businesses,	but	something	about	the	domain	name	appealed	to	him.	So	did	the	onions,
frankly.	As	a	Georgia	native,	he	knew	of	Vidalias—a	sweet,	mild	variety	that	some	fans	eat	raw	like	an
apple.	The	only	trouble	was	that	he	didn’t	know	anything	about	the	onion	business.	Or	farming	in	general,
for	that	matter.
  Regardless,	he	put	down	a	$2,200	bid,	confident	that	someone	in	the	business	would	come	in	higher.	(If
bidding	 on	 interesting	 domain	 names	 like	 this	 sounds	 like	 a	 neat	 hobby,	 you	 may	 be	 a	 minimalist
entrepreneur.)	When	he	won	the	auction	five	minutes	later,	he	was	pleasantly	surprised,	but	he	filed	it
away	for	later	and	went	back	to	work	on	other	projects.
  As	the	days	went	by,	though,	he	couldn’t	stop	thinking	about	Vidalias.	“[The	domain]	kept	nudging	me,”
he	writes	in	his	essay	“I	Sell	Onions	on	the	Internet,”	and	“after	a	month,	I	began	to	understand	what	it
was	telling	me.	That	I	buy	pears	from	Harry	&	David	every	year,	and	I	should	mimic	that	same	service	for
Vidalia	onions.	Instead	of	farm-to-door	pears,	farm-to-door	Vidalia	onions.”	He	saw	a	way	he	could	be
helpful	to	others,	and	a	new	minimalist	business	was	born.
  Askew	didn’t	eat	Vidalias	himself,	but	he	knew	that	many	people	did,	both	from	his	own	experience	and
from	 strong	 search	 volume	 for	 the	 phrase	 on	 Google	 Trends.	 But	 he	 still	 had	 his	 doubts.	 “I’m	 not	 a
farmer,”	he	worried.	“I	have	no	logistics	or	distribution	system	setup.”
  He	got	started	anyway.	His	first	step	was	to	reach	out	to	a	trade	group	that	put	him	in	touch	with	Aries
Haygood,	 the	 owner	 of	 an	 award-winning	 Vidalia	 farm	 in	 operation	 for	 over	 two	 decades	 that	 had,
crucially,	a	packing	shed.	He	used	his	own	money	to	put	up	a	new	site	on	VidaliaOnions.com,	and	then,
“[while]	the	farm	concentrated	on	the	Vidalia,	I	concentrated	on	customer	service,	marketing,	branding,
web	 development,	 &	 logistics,”	 he	 recalled.	 “I	 didn’t	 have	 other	 projects	 that	 were	 this	 front-facing,
customer	wise.	And	I	discovered	I	immensely	enjoyed	it.”
  Askew	and	Haygood	estimated	fifty	orders	for	their	first	season.	They	received	more	than	six	hundred.
  It	would	be	at	this	point	in	the	life	cycle	of	a	VC-funded	business	that	the	investors	would	start	getting
frisky.	“Six	hundred	orders	when	we	expected	fifty?”	they’d	exclaim.	“Time	to	quintuple	your	hiring.	Come
to	 think	 of	 it,	 what	 does	 the	 international	 market	 for	 Vidalia	 onions	 look	 like?	 A	 few	 million	 in	 ad
spending,	a	viral	video,	and	we’ll	have	Vidalias	trending	worldwide.	We’ll	probably	need	people	on	the
ground	in	London,	Tokyo,	and	Sydney.	Time	to	raise	another	round.”	And	on	it	goes.	Picture	a	little	kid
blowing	a	balloon	up	for	the	first	time,	until	.	.	.
  Askew	himself	couldn’t	help	but	consider	trying	to	accelerate	the	company’s	growth,	but	he	stuck	to
what	 he	 had	 learned	 over	 the	 years	 and	 focused	 instead	 on	 profitability.	 He	 knew	 that	 the	 previous
owners	of	VidaliaOnions.com	had	gone	belly	up	trying	to	sell	salad	dressings	and	relishes	in	addition	to
the	onions	themselves.	So	instead,	he	slowly	built	the	business	in	front	of	him,	figuring	out	how	to	sell
Vidalia	onions	to	the	market	of	potential	customers	within	the	range	of	timely	and	affordable	shipping
from	that	one	packing	shed.
  He	made	mistakes,	of	course.	At	one	point,	he	lost	thousands	of	dollars	on	faulty	shipping	boxes,	an
error	that	nearly	shuttered	the	operation.	But	he	also	made	small	process	improvements	year	by	year,	like
implementing	an	automated	shipping	system	rather	than	manually	entering	customer	orders	and	printing
UPS	labels.	A	few	years	in,	the	business	was	profitable,	growing	organically	at	its	own	pace,	and	he	was
having	fun.
  Six	years	in,	Askew’s	pet	project	has	become	a	full-fledged	business,	which	makes	his	many	customers
happy	and	has	a	positive	impact	in	the	local	community.	He	no	longer	sees	it	as	just	another	experiment
along	with	all	of	his	other	cast-off	domain	names.	VidaliaOnions.com	is	becoming	his	mission:
   Honestly,	my	customers	would	be	quite	upset	if	we	disappeared.	Last	season,	while	I	called	a	gentleman
   back	regarding	a	phone	order,	his	wife	answered.	While	I	introduced	myself,	she	interrupted	me	mid-
   sentence	and	hollered	in	exaltation	to	her	husband:	“THE	VIDALIA	MAN!	THE	VIDALIA	MAN!	PICK	UP
   THE	PHONE!”
      At	that	moment,	I	realized	we	were	doing	something	right.	Something	helpful.	Something	that	was
   making	a	positive	impact.	.	.	.	It’s	immensely	gratifying.	I	feel	so	fortunate	to	be	associated	with	this
   industry.
  Maybe	 it’s	 the	 onions,	 but	 Askew’s	 story	 brings	 a	 tear	 to	 my	 eye.	 There	 is	 something	 profoundly
beautiful	in	a	value-oriented	mission	and	a	genuine	purpose	driven	by	your	own	lived	experience.	This	is
what	being	a	minimalist	entrepreneur	is	all	about:	making	a	difference	while	making	a	living.
Before	I	started	to	write	this	book,	I	wouldn’t	have	described	myself	as	a	minimalist	entrepreneur.	I	would
have	 said	 I	 was	 a	 founder	 committed	 to	 a	 new	 kind	 of	 startup,	 one	 that	 prioritized	 profitability	 over
growth	and	positive	impact	over	moving	fast	and	breaking	things.	Instead	of	capturing	as	much	value	as
possible,	I	was	determined	to	create	as	much	value	as	possible	for	our	customers	and	our	community.
  I’m	not	the	only	one.	In	this	book,	you’ll	meet	dozens	of	entrepreneurs	like	Peter	Askew	and	others	who
are	taking	the	same	approach	to	building	their	companies.	In	the	past	years,	I’ve	exchanged	ideas	on
Twitter	or	at	conferences	with	all	of	them,	and	the	more	people	I	talked	to,	the	more	I	felt	we	should	label
this	new	pathway	that	uses	the	advent	of	software	to	democratize	and	normalize	business	creation	for
everyone.
  Minimalist	entrepreneurs	are	all	unique,	as	is	every	path	to	success,	but	I’ve	tried	my	best	to	coalesce
my	learnings	into	a	single,	repeatable	playbook.
  The	steps	to	becoming	a	minimalist	entrepreneur	map	to	a	function	of	the	minimalist	business—and,
not	coincidentally,	to	the	chapters	in	this	book.	Each	chapter	builds	on	the	previous	one—just	as	addition
leads	to	multiplication	leads	to	algebra	leads	to	calculus—until	finally,	at	the	end	of	the	book,	you’ll	be
fully	equipped	to	become	a	minimalist	entrepreneur	yourself.	You	can	read	it	all	the	way	through,	but	you
should	also	feel	free	to	hop	around;	everyone	is	at	a	different	stage	in	their	business-building	journey.
    Minimalist	entrepreneurs	create	businesses	that	are	profitable	at	all	costs.	Many	businesses
    never	intend	to	stick	around	long	enough	to	be	profitable.	Instead,	the	plan	is	to	sell	the	business
    before	 profits	 become	 necessary,	 raising	 money	 from	 investors	 along	 the	 way.	 Minimalist
    entrepreneurs	aim	to	be	profitable	from	day	one	or	soon	after,	because	profit	is	oxygen	for	businesses.
    And	they	do	that	by	selling	a	product	to	customers,	not	by	selling	their	users	to	advertisers.
    Minimalist	 entrepreneurs	 build	 on	 a	 foundation	 of	 community.	 They	 don’t	 ask	 “How	 can	 I
    help?”	but	are	instead	observant	and	cultivate	authentic	relationships.	They	spend	time	and	effort	to
    learn	and	to	build	trust,	focusing	on	the	market	part	of	“product-market	fit”	(a	term	coined	by	venture
    capitalist	Marc	Andreessen	for	being	in	a	good	market	with	a	product	that	can	satisfy	that	market)
    before	they	build	anything	at	all.
    When	they	do	build,	minimalist	entrepreneurs	build	only	what	they	need	to,	automating	or
    outsourcing	the	rest.	Similarly,	minimalist	businesses	do	one	thing	and	do	it	well.	They	work	side	by
    side	with	their	customers	to	iterate	toward	a	solution,	and	make	sure	it’s	worth	paying	for,	before	they
    take	it	to	customers	outside	of	their	communities.
    Minimalist	entrepreneurs	don’t	spend	time	convincing	people—they	spend	time	educating
    people.	Selling	is	a	discovery	process,	and	minimalist	entrepreneurs	use	sales	as	an	opportunity	to
    talk	 to	 potential	 customers	 one	 by	 one	 about	 their	 products	 while	 simultaneously	 educating
    themselves	about	the	problem	they	are	trying	to	solve	for	them.	Selling	this	way	is	a	long	game	built
    on	relationships	and	vulnerability,	not	a	one-day	grand	opening	extravaganza	followed	by	selling	to
    strangers.
    Speaking	 of	 vulnerability,	 minimalist	 entrepreneurs	 share	 their	 stories,	 from	 struggle	 to
    success.	 The	 best	 marketing	 shows	 the	 world	 who	 you—and	 your	 product—really	 are.	 Minimalist
    entrepreneurs	understand	that	people	care	about	other	people,	and	educate,	inspire,	and	entertain
    whenever	and	wherever	they	can.	Instead	of	making	headlines,	they	make	fans—who	turn	themselves
    into	customers	over	time.
    Minimalist	entrepreneurs	own	their	businesses,	they	don’t	let	their	businesses	own	them.
    They	don’t	spend	money	they	don’t	have,	and	they	don’t	sacrifice	profitability	for	scale.	At	this	point,	it
    becomes	a	game	to	lose	.	.	.
and	minimalist	entrepreneurs	don’t	lose.
    Minimalist	entrepreneurs	hire	other	minimalist	entrepreneurs.	Instead	of	following	the	status
    quo,	 they	 build	 their	 companies	 from	 first	 principles,	 alienating	 almost	 everyone.	 The	 way	 you	 do
    things	won’t	be	for	everyone,	but	it	will	be	really	great	for	a	few	people,	and	if	you	define	your	values
    early	and	often	and	tell	the	world	who	you	are,	they	will	find	you.	Conventional	wisdom	about	how	we
    work,	when	we	work,	and	where	we	work	is	changing	fast.	Minimalist	entrepreneurs	understand	there
    are	few	rules.
  Even	when	you’ve	successfully	built	your	minimalist	business,	the	journey	isn’t	over.	Spoiler	alert:	It
never	is.	Minimalist	entrepreneurs	know	that	life	is	about	more	than	just	their	companies.	The	true	magic
of	entrepreneurship	is	that	you	and	your	business	can	improve	the	quality	of	life	of	many	people.	And	it
doesn’t	have	to	be	millions;	“enough”	is	what	you	decide	it	is,	not	a	specific	amount.
  If	you’re	nodding	along,	great.	If	you’re	still	skeptical,	well,	that’s	okay	too.	I	have	50,000	words	and	a
few	hours	to	convince	you.	Just	keep	reading!
Building	a	minimalist	business	is	not	a	get-rich-quick	proposition,	but	it	is	a	get-rich-slowly	one	if	you
embrace	profitability,	 not	 growth,	 as	 the	 key	 indicator	 of	 your	 company’s	 success.	 Profitability	 means
sustainability.	Instead	of	treading	water	until	a	lifeboat	comes	along	to	save	you—which	is	how	many
founders	think	about	raising	their	next	round	of	VC	funding—it	means	building	your	own	boat.
  And	while	I	do	think	the	minimalist	entrepreneur	mindset	leads	to	a	near-100-percent	success	rate,	I’m
willing	to	concede	that	it	may	only	happen	over	the	course	of	many	experiments.	That’s	why	profitability
matters.	If	you’re	profitable,	you	can	take	unlimited	shots	on	goal,	virtually	guaranteeing	your	success	as
long	as	you	keep	learning	from	your	customers.	Most	people	don’t	start.	Most	people	who	start	don’t
continue.	Most	people	who	continue	give	up.	Many	winners	are	just	the	last	ones	standing.	Don’t	give	up.
  We’re	moving	past	an	era	of	gatekeeping,	where	bosses	and	universities	and	venture	capitalists	decide
who	gets	to	try	and	who	doesn’t.	Information	about	how	to	start	and	scale	companies	is	now	available	to
founders	around	the	world,	and	it’s	cheaper	too,	which	means	there	are	fewer	and	fewer	reasons	to	raise
money	 from	 venture	 capitalists.	 There’s	 nothing	 inherently	 wrong	 with	 raising	 money,	 and	 not	 all
unicorns	are	evil.	I	raised	money	for	Gumroad	(and,	as	you’ll	read	later,	have	again,	but	in	a	very	different
way),	and	there	are	companies	like	Pinterest,	Lyft,	Slack,	and	others	that	raised	venture	capital,	grew
quickly,	 yet	 stayed	 focused	 on	 their	 customers.	 But	 much	 of	 the	 venture	 capital	 model	 depends	 on
creating	unsustainable	growth	and	destroying	successful-by-any-other-metric	businesses.
  Why	does	this	happen?	The	venture	capital	business	is	a	high-risk,	high-return	investment	strategy	in
which	venture	funds	swap	capital	for	early-stage	startup	equity,	essentially	buying	a	piece	of	the	future
value	of	the	companies	in	which	they	invest.	For	the	model	to	work,	the	rare	winners	like	Uber,	Airbnb,
and	Stripe	need	to	pay	for	all	the	losers.	Aileen	Lee	of	Cowboy	Ventures	coined	the	term	“unicorn”	to
refer	to	privately	held	startups	valued	at	more	than	$1	billion,	which	are	the	lifeblood	of	venture	funds.	In
fairy	tales,	people	can’t	help	chasing	unicorns—they	are	nearly	irresistible,	but	they’re	also	rare,	elusive,
and	nearly	impossible	to	catch.
  Her	mythological	metaphor	couldn’t	have	been	more	apt.	Almost	everyone	fails	to	build	billion-dollar
businesses,	even	the	founders	who	raise	gobs	of	venture	capital.	According	to	Matt	Murphy,	managing
director	 and	 partner	 of	 Menlo	 Ventures,	 approximately	 70	 percent	 of	 startups	 fail,	 which	 can	 mean
anything	from	full	liquidation	to	becoming	cash	flow	positive,	which,	despite	being	good	for	the	company,
is	still	bad	for	the	VC.	Of	the	30	percent	still	standing,	he	says,	some	return	three	to	five	times	the	initial
investment,	which	constitutes	only	modest	success	in	this	setting.	The	whole	system	is	riding	on	at	least	5
percent	of	VC-backed	companies	delivering	tenfold	to	one	hundredfold	returns	to	balance	out	losses	and
make	 it	 all	 worth	 it.	 Without	 them,	 the	 VC	 model	 simply	 doesn’t	 work.	 That’s	 because	 the	 outsized
success	of	the	rare	billion-dollar	startup	compensates	for	all	the	money	thrown	against	the	wall,	like	so
much	spaghetti,	on	thousands	of	other	ventures.
  That’s	not	what	minimalist	entrepreneurs	do.	We	are	laser	focused	on	profitability	from	day	one,	in
order	to	get	to	sustainability	soon	after,	so	that	we	can	serve	our	customers	and	our	communities	for	as
long	as	we	wish.
No	matter	where	you	work,	how	you	work,	or	who	you	work	for	right	now,	you	can	use	the	principles	in
this	 book	 to	 rethink	 the	 beliefs	 and	 practices	 that	 may	 be	 holding	 you	 back.	 I	 really	 do	 believe	 that
starting	a	business	should	be	an	option	for	everyone,	no	matter	your	background.	That’s	why	this	book	is
full	 of	 examples	 of	 many	 great	 businesses	 that	 have	 been	 built	 by	 passionate	 individuals	 around	 the
world,	many	who	have	flown	under	the	radar	until	now.	For	up-and-coming	minimalist	entrepreneurs,	I
hope	their	stories	can	serve	as	examples	as	new	online	tools	make	the	process	of	building,	marketing,	and
selling	easier	and	cheaper	for	everyone—including	solopreneurs	and	independent	creators.
  Where	do	you	start?	Take	a	good	hard	look	at	the	people,	places,	and	communities	you	care	about.
Where	 are	 the	 pain	 points?	 What	 isn’t	 working,	 but	 might	 with	 a	 little	 elbow	 grease?	 These	 are	 all
opportunities	 to	 make	 things	 better	 through	 minimalist	 entrepreneurship.	 It’s	 ironic	 to	 me	 how	 often
people	go	around	hoping	to	find	a	startup	idea	while	simultaneously	complaining	about	all	the	everyday
stuff	around	them	that	doesn’t	work	properly.	“Sure,	I	could	solve	that	for	people	with	a	little	effort,	but
the	potential	market	just	isn’t	big	enough	to	really	scale.”	That’s	the	kind	of	thinking	that	this	book	seeks
to	address.
  You	may	already	be	on	your	business-building	journey,	but	if	you’re	just	getting	started,	some	business
models	lend	themselves	more	easily	to	the	pathway	of	minimalist	entrepreneurship.	These	include	almost
any	 kind	 of	 business-to-consumer	 or	 business-to-business	 enterprise	 that	 has	 fast	 customer	 feedback
loops	and	ample	opportunities	for	iteration	like	software	as	a	service	(SaaS),	digital	and	physical	products
and	services,	or	connecting	people	for	a	fee.	We’ll	talk	about	all	of	these	later	in	the	book.
  There	are	also	businesses	that	aren’t	necessarily	suited	for	this	framework	because	of	the	slow	pace	of
customer	 feedback.	 For	 example,	 any	 business	 that	 requires	 a	 heavy	 investment	 in	 research	 and
development	or	that	relies	on	sales	to	large,	bureaucratized	corporations	or	institutions—like	Fortune	100
companies,	 academia,	 or	 hospitals—might	 not	 match	 up	 as	 well	 with	 the	 processes	 and	 systems	 I
recommend.
  The	good	news	is	that	what	constitutes	a	“business”	is	changing	faster	than	ever	before	and	opening	up
possibilities	to	a	wider	range	of	innovators.	Though	this	shift	was	in	motion	before	2020,	the	COVID-19
pandemic	accelerated	it	and	drove	increased	interest	in	entrepreneurship	from	people	of	all	backgrounds.
Now	more	than	ever	before,	we	don’t	need	to	move	to	a	place	called	Silicon	Valley,	go	to	a	school	called
Harvard	 or	 Stanford,	 and	 raise	 money	 from	 the	 venture	 capitalists.	 The	 internet	 lets	 you	 learn	 from
anywhere,	network	with	anyone,	and	raise	money	directly	from	customers.
  The	world	desperately	needs	the	solutions	that	only	entrepreneurs	can	provide.	Everyday	problems	are
all	around	us,	but	they	are	often	hidden	from	the	view	of	the	Silicon	Valley	software	engineers	and	Ivy
League	 overachievers	 who	 have	 been	 anointed	 as	 our	 entrepreneurial	 class.	 We	 need	 the	 help	 of
entrepreneurs	from	every	part	of	the	planet	and	every	stratum	of	society.	It’s	down	to	individual	creators
and	entrepreneurs	to	set	better	goals	for	ourselves	and	our	businesses.	After	all,	problems	don’t	solve
themselves.	People	do.
On	paper,	it	seems	simple	enough:
1.	 Narrow	down	who	your	ideal	customer	is.	Narrow	until	you	can	narrow	no	more.
2.	 Define	exactly	what	pain	point	you	are	solving	for	them,	and	how	much	they	will	pay	you	to	solve	it.
3.	 Set	a	hard	deadline	and	focus	fully	on	building	a	solution,	then	charge	for	it.
4.	 Repeat	the	process	until	you’ve	found	a	product	that	works,	then	scale	a	business	around	it.
In	practice,	it’s	not	so	simple.	There	are	many	complications	that	pop	up,	and	most	people	don’t	even
know	where	to	start.	A	“business”	of	any	kind	is	too	scary,	too	amorphous,	or	too	unattainable.	Luckily,
there’s	another	way	to	get	started	today.	Before	you	become	an	entrepreneur,	become	a	creator.
  That	could	mean	being	an	artist,	but	it	doesn’t	have	to.	Creators	make	things,	charge	their	audiences
for	those	things,	and	then	use	that	money	to	make	more	things.	They	use	the	first	dollars	they	earn	as
tools	to	fuel	their	own	creative	drive,	not	the	other	way	around.	With	time	and	experience,	creators	show
others	how	to	turn	their	own	creativity	into	businesses,	and	the	cycle	continues.	In	the	end,	there	isn’t
much	difference	between	a	business	like	Gumroad	and	a	creator.	It’s	just	semantics—one	or	more	people
using	 the	 tool	 of	 a	 business	 to	 make	 something	 new.	 Painters	 need	 brushes.	 Writers	 need	 pencils.
Creators	need	businesses.	It’s	key	for	people	to	understand	that,	because	it	lowers	the	cognitive	barrier
to	starting	a	business,	and	starting	is	really	important.	You	don’t	learn,	then	start.	You	start,	then	learn.
  My	best	friend	in	middle	school,	obsessed	with	the	computer	game	World	of	Warcraft,	started	designing
fantasy	creatures	in	Photoshop.	I	was	impressed,	but	I	also	remember	thinking,	“I	could	do	that.”	So	I
went	through	some	Photoshop	tutorials	and	got	to	work.	When	I	started	to	get	the	hang	of	the	software,	I
began	submitting	logos	to	online	competitions.	I	didn’t	win	any,	but	the	process	of	creating	a	lot	of	stuff
and	putting	it	out	there	made	me	a	pretty	decent	designer,	and	then	led	to	freelance	web	design	work.
  Once	you’re	working	on	other	people’s	projects,	you	can’t	help	but	get	ideas	of	your	own,	so	I	began
building	simple	web	applications,	hiring	developers	to	help	with	the	coding.	For	example,	before	Twitter
natively	 supported	 threads,	 I	 created	 an	 app	 called	 Tweader	 to	 see	 the	 conversations	 that	 happened
between	people	on	Twitter.	Another	app,	Ping	Me	When	It’s	Up,	would	text	me	when	a	website	that	had
gone	down	was	back	up	again.	(It	should	be	clear	 by	now	that	I’ve	never	been	very	good	at	 naming
things.)
  When	the	iPhone	App	Store	opened,	I	learned	to	code	for	it	by	taking	a	free	course	on	iOS	development
from	Stanford	through	iTunes	University,	called	CS193P	(I	still	recommend	it!).	The	App	Store	handled	all
the	financial	aspects	of	selling	what	I	made	to	customers	around	the	world,	which	meant	I	could	focus	on
creating	apps.	Perfect.
  The	first	app	I	built	was	called	Taxi	Lah!,	which	let	users	call	a	cab	from	their	phones—before	Uber.	I
put	it	on	the	App	Store	for	fellow	Singaporeans	and	made	a	few	thousand	dollars.	Then	I	made	an	app
called	Color	Stream	that	let	designers	create	and	modify	color	palettes	on	their	phones.	I	made	about
$10,000	from	that.	Each	time,	I	was	trying	to	solve	a	problem	I	had.	I	wanted	to	design	and	build	a	little
bit	of	software	to	make	my	life—and	the	lives	of	others—a	little	bit	better.
  This	experience—shipping	real	products	to	real	customers—led	to	my	first	job	at	Pinterest,	where	I
designed	and	built	the	Pinterest	iPhone	app.	While	I	was	there,	I	built	Gumroad	in	my	spare	time	to	help
me	sell	an	icon	I	designed	in	Photoshop.	When	I	found	a	solution	that	worked,	I	sold	it	to	other	creators,
who	sold	their	products	to	their	own	community	of	creators,	many	of	whom	eventually	became	Gumroad
customers	themselves.	Now	I’m	an	honest-to-goodness	entrepreneur	without	ever	having	really	given	it
much	conscious	thought	along	the	way.
  The	 App	 Store	 cleared	 the	 marketing	 and	 financial	 obstacles	 out	 of	 my	 way	 so	 that	 I	 could	 fully
embrace	my	creative	side	and	become	a	creator.	That	transition	led	to	me	becoming	a	founder.	It’s	an
upward,	virtuous	cycle.	Creation	begets	more	creation.	Today,	Gumroad	does	the	exact	same	thing	for
other	 would-be	 creators.	 It’s	 basically	 a	 glorified	 Sahil-cloning	 factory.	 Isn’t	 that	 beautiful?	 (My	 mom
thinks	it	is.)
  Max	Ulichney	is	an	art	director	and	illustrator	based	in	Los	Angeles.	He’d	always	imagined	he’d	spend
his	days	working	at	a	large	company	to	pay	the	bills	in	return	for	a	few	hours	in	the	evening	to	do	his	own
work.	He	spent	fifteen	years	as	an	art	director	at	the	same	creative	agency,	eventually	using	an	iPad	app
called	Procreate	to	draw	and	paint	in	between	meetings.	One	day,	a	couple	of	years	ago,	Max	decided	to
sell	some	of	the	digital	“brushes”	he’d	designed	for	his	own	use	to	other	Procreate	users.	A	few	hundred
dollars	later,	he	decided	it	was	worth	the	effort	to	continue	selling	the	digital	tools	as	a	business.	Two
years	in,	Max	was	making	a	living	as	an	independent	creator.	Recently,	he	quit	his	job	at	the	agency	to
work	on	Maxpacks	full-time.
  There	are	thousands	of	“creator	first,	entrepreneur	second”	stories	like	Max’s.
  Adam	Wathan	and	Steve	Schoger	teach	people	how	to	build	and	design	web	applications.	They	believe,
as	I	do,	that	nearly	anyone	can	become	a	competent	front-end	engineer	and	designer	with	a	little	help.	In
December	2018,	after	just	a	few	years	building	their	online	audiences,	they	released	Refactoring	UI,	an
online	course,	earning	over	$800,000	in	a	single	month.	Now	they	get	to	spend	their	time	doing	what	they
really	love:	building	Tailwind,	a	free	and	open-source	framework	for	the	rapid	creation	of	custom	web
designs.
  Kristina	Garner,	mother	of	two	boys,	teaches	families	how	to	run	secular,	nature-based	homeschooling
programs	for	their	kids.	What	started	as	a	blog	in	2015	about	her	personal	passion	has	become	Blossom
and	Root,	a	business	that	employs	dozens	of	people	and	helps	thousands	of	families	every	month.
  These	are	just	a	few	of	the	28,207	creators	who	sold	something	on	Gumroad	last	month.	That	sounds
like	a	big	number	today,	but	I	too	started	somewhere	smaller	and	less	lofty,	where	creation	always	begins:
at	the	number	next	to	zero.	Where	there	was	nothing,	now	there’s	something:	digital	brushes,	online
courses,	Vidalia	onions	on	your	doorstep.
  In	the	next	chapter,	I’ll	show	you	how	to	get	started.
Follow	Peter	Askew	(@searchbound)	on	Twitter,	where	he	regularly	tweets	about	business	ideas,
domain	name	opportunities,	and	other	interesting	stuff.
Read	his	article	“I	Sell	Onions	on	the	Internet”	at	www.deepsouthventures.com/i-sell-onions-on-the-
internet/.
Read	the	article	that	inspired	this	book:	“Reflecting	on	My	Failure	to	Build	a	Billion-Dollar	Company”
at	sahillavingia.com/reflecting.
Follow	@gumroad	on	Instagram	to	see	our	creators’	stories.
Join	the	Minimalist	Entrepreneurs	club	on	Clubhouse	to	meet	and	learn	from	other	minimalist
entrepreneurs	in	the	community.
It	takes	a	village	to	raise	a	child.
             —  AFRICA	PROVERB
In	2009,	Sol	Orwell	was	overweight	and	unhappy,	so	he	decided	to	join	the	“r/Fitness”	subreddit,	one	of
the	thousands	of	smaller	online	communities	within	Reddit,	to	find	information	and	support.	At	the	same
time,	he	started	reading	about	fitness	and	nutrition,	taking	notes	on	what	he	was	learning	in	books	like
Tim	Ferriss’s	The	4-Hour	Body	and	posting	summaries	on	the	fitness	subreddit	for	other	members	of	the
community.	Reddit	was	a	natural	place	for	Orwell	to	seek	connection.	He	was	already	participating	in	the
NBA	and	Toronto	subreddits,	among	others,	so	he	knew	and	understood	Reddit’s	rules	and	norms	about
posting	only	authentic,	useful	content.
  The	more	he	learned	about	fitness	and	nutrition,	the	more	he	shared.	In	addition	to	his	reading	notes,
he	inspired	others	by	answering	questions	and	documenting	his	personal	journey	of	losing	sixty	pounds,
which	occurred	over	a	period	of	several	years.	He	credits	his	physical	transformation	to	the	relationships
he	formed	with	other	“redditors,”	including	Kurtis	Frank,	one	of	the	moderators	of	r/Fitness.	Eventually,
Sol	 and	 Kurtis	 ended	 up	 moderating	 the	 subreddit	 together,	 and	 as	 time	 went	 by,	 they	 noticed	 two
persistent	problems.
  First,	little	reliable	information	was	available	about	nutritional	supplements,	either	from	other	redditors
or	from	the	companies	that	made	these	products;	second,	almost	every	day,	new	members	asked	the	same
questions	over	and	over	again,	many	times	about	supplements.	Sol	was	frustrated	by	both	situations,	but
eventually	he	realized	that	maybe	the	resources	people	needed	just	weren’t	out	there.
  Sol	and	Kurtis	saw	a	job	to	be	done	for	a	community	that	they	cared	about	and	had	nurtured	from	five
thousand	to	about	fifty	thousand	during	the	two	years	they	had	been	moderating.	In	2011,	they	launched
Examine.com,	 a	 website	 where	 people	 could	 find	 the	 kind	 of	 free,	 unbiased,	 up-to-date	 research	 and
information	on	nutrition	and	supplements	that	they	themselves	had	been	looking	for.
  They	told	people	about	their	project,	but	they	didn’t	sell	anything,	and	they	only	occasionally	dropped
links	 in	 the	 fitness	 subreddit	 when	 they	 were	 answering	 questions.	 Instead,	 other	 members	 of	 the
community	did	it	for	them.	After	all,	they	had	been	part	of	Reddit	at	this	point	for	about	five	years.	Sol
remembers	 they	 both	 had	 something	 like	 “100,000	 plus	 karma,”	 a	 measure	 of	 how	 much	 a	 user	 has
contributed	to	Reddit	based	on	upvotes	and	comments	from	other	users—so	people	trusted	them,	and
they	were	solving	a	problem	for	the	fitness	subreddit	without	asking	for	anything	in	return.
  In	2013,	two	years	after	they	started	the	site,	they	started	to	think	about	monetizing,	so	they	surveyed
the	 community	 about	 what	 problems	 they	 believed	 the	 information	 on	 Examine.com	 might	 be	 able	 to
solve.	“We	would	ask	people,	‘What’s	your	problem?	What	do	you	wish	you	could	do?’ ”	Sol	remembers.
“The	most	common	thing	was	‘We	wish	you	just	had	a	table	of	all	of	the	information	you	have.	So	if	I
wanted	to	look	at	supplements	that	affect	blood	pressure,	I	could	look	it	up	quickly.’ ”	Because	of	those
answers,	they	offered	their	first	product,	the	Research	Digest,	a	comprehensive	guide	to	supplements	and
nutrition.
  Sol	 was	 well	 known	 in	 the	 health	 and	 nutrition	 space,	 and	 to	 promote	 the	 Research	 Digest,	 he
leveraged	 his	 relationships	 with	 fitness	 professionals	 four	 years	 after	 initially	 joining	 the	 fitness
subreddit.	When	he	and	Kurtis	launched,	105	people	in	the	fitness	industry	shared	the	link.	The	goal	was
a	thousand	sales,	and	by	the	end	of	the	first	day	they	had	already	sold	six	to	eight	hundred	copies.	By	the
end	of	the	launch,	they	had	sold	three	thousand	copies,	all	based	on	reputation,	trust,	and	word	of	mouth.
  Fast-forward	 to	 today,	 and	 Sol	 is	 happy,	 healthy,	 and	 wealthy.	 Examine.com	 continues	 to	 be	 an
important	resource	for	health	and	nutrition	professionals;	it	has	seventy	thousand	visitors	per	day	and
does	seven	figures	in	annual	revenue,	though	Sol	has	since	stepped	back	from	the	day-to-day	operations.
The	team	has	expanded	Examine’s	offerings	to	include	additional	guides	and	subscription	services	on	how
supplements	factor	not	only	into	fitness	but	also	into	longevity,	chronic	disease,	and	psychological	health.
But	they’ve	never	lost	their	focus	on	community	and	continue	to	depend	on	the	trust	and	relationships
that	grew	authentically	over	time.
  In	this	chapter,	we’ll	talk	about	how	you	can	find	your	own	communities	(if	you	haven’t	already)	and
how	to	uncover	the	kinds	of	problems	that	might	be	best	suited	for	a	minimalist	business.	I	won’t	lie.	This
process	takes	time,	but	done	right	and,	most	of	all,	done	authentically,	it	will	be	the	basis	of	how	you
move	forward	now	and	for	years	to	come.	Whether	you’re	just	getting	started	or	you’re	already	in	the
process	 of	 building	 a	 product,	 knowing	 and	 contributing	 to	 your	 community	 is	 key	 at	 every	 stage.
Remember	 that,	 and	 you’ll	 find	 and	 nurture	 the	 right	 atmosphere	 for	 collaboration,	 growth,	 and
eventually	a	sustainable	business	that	matters.
Community	is	a	fundamental	societal	unit.	From	Sol’s	r/Fitness	subreddit	to	yoga	classes	to	family	to	the
group	of	friends	we	game	with	in	the	middle	of	the	night,	communities	are	a	place	where	we	can	connect,
learn,	and	have	fun.	For	minimalist	entrepreneurs,	communities	are	the	starting	point	of	any	successful
enterprise.
  That	doesn’t	mean	you	should	run	out	and	find	a	community	to	join	just	for	the	purpose	of	starting	a
business.	It	means	that	most	businesses	fail	because	they	aren’t	built	with	a	particular	group	of	people	in
mind.	Often,	the	ones	that	succeed	do	so	because	they’re	focused	on	a	community	that	a	founder	knows
well.	That	process	can’t	be	rushed	because	it	comes	from	authentic	relationships	and	a	willingness	to
serve,	both	of	which	take	time	to	uncover	and	develop.	You	may	even	have	to	learn	a	new	language—or	at
least	some	insider	lingo.
  Communities	used	to	be	limited	by	geography,	but	it’s	never	been	easier	to	connect	to	people	with
whom	you	share	something	in	common,	whether	it	be	an	interest,	a	favorite	artist,	or	a	belief	system.	But
a	community	isn’t	a	group	of	people	who	all	think,	act,	look,	or	behave	the	same.	That’s	a	cult.
  A	community	is	the	opposite.	That’s	what	I	discovered	when	I	moved	from	San	Francisco	to	Provo	and
got	out	of	the	Silicon	Valley	bubble.	For	one	of	the	first	times	in	my	life,	I	saw	that	the	best	communities
are	made	up	of	individuals	who	might	be	otherwise	dissimilar	but	who	have	shared	interests,	values,	and
abilities.	It’s	a	group	of	people	who	would	likely	never	hang	out	with	each	other	in	any	other	situational
context,	and	it	often	encompasses	virtually	every	identity,	including,	yes,	politics.
  A	 community	 can	 override	 people’s	 dislike	 of	 one	 another.	 Every	 Sunday	 in	 the	 Latter-day	 Saints
Church,	I	saw	the	progressive	next	to	the	conservative,	the	rich	next	to	the	poor,	the	young	next	to	the
old.	I’m	not	sure	what	they	thought	of	each	other	outside	the	church	building,	but	for	at	least	one	day	a
week,	they	sat	together	for	the	sake	of	the	community.
  It	wasn’t	easy.	It	was	real	work	to	be	an	active	participant	in	that	church	community,	to	learn	how	to
speak	the	language,	but	for	the	first	time	in	a	long	time,	I	was	reminded	of	something	important:	you
don’t	have	to	bring	your	whole	self	to	every	community	you	join,	but	you	do	have	to	bring	a	slice	of
yourself.	And	that	part	needs	to	be	authentic	to	its	core.	It’s	the	combination	of	time	and	vulnerability	that
leads	to	relationships	and	growth.
  Part	of	my	own	growth	was	realizing	that	as	an	outsider,	I	was	in	a	particularly	great	position	to	see	the
community	with	fresh	eyes	and	to	contribute	value	in	a	new	way.	You	may	never	move	to	a	new	city,	but
getting	out	of	your	bubble	matters	when	it	comes	to	community.	And	it’s	healthy	and	normal	to	leave
certain	communities	as	you	explore	new	ones.
      You	don’t	have	to	bring	your	whole	self	to	every	community	you	join,	but	you	do	have	to	bring	a	slice	of
                                                  yourself.
  For	me,	my	move	from	Silicon	Valley	to	the	Silicon	Slopes	showed	me	that	I	didn’t	care	too	much	about
tech,	at	least	not	in	the	way	that	I	thought	I	did.	In	Utah,	I	didn’t	go	to	JavaScript	meetups	or	attend
design	lectures	or	judge	startup	pitch	competitions.	Instead,	I	found	myself	at	figure	drawing	classes.	Or
a	few	hundred	feet	away	from	a	barn,	learning	how	to	plein-air	paint.	Or	at	a	coffee	shop	on	Thursday
mornings,	writing	and	reviewing	science-fiction	stories	with	a	few	friends	I	met	at	a	workshop.
  Finding	these	creative	communities	in	real	life	reminded	me	of	the	spark	that	inspired	me	in	the	early
days.	And	rediscovering	myself	as	a	creator	and	spending	time	with	other	makers	reconnected	me	to	why
I	had	built	Gumroad	in	the	first	place:	I	loved	to	create!	I	couldn’t	believe	I	had	forgotten	that,	for	years.
  I	was	accidentally	at	the	forefront	of	a	movement	that	was	taking	shape—what	Li	Jin,	former	partner	at
Andreessen	Horowitz	and	founder	of	Atelier	Ventures,	calls	the	“passion	economy”—“a	world	in	which
people	are	able	to	do	what	they	love	for	a	living	and	to	have	a	more	fulfilling	and	purposeful	life.”	At	the
time	I	created	Gumroad,	online	creator	platforms	were	still	new,	but	the	rise	of	no-code	solutions	has
made	building	and	charging	for	podcasts,	video	and	audio	content,	online	courses,	virtual	teaching,	and
virtual	coaching	almost	seamless,	so	that	starting	a	business	around	something	you	love	has	never	been
more	attainable.
  You	probably	have	something	you	enjoy,	something	that	on	its	face	has	nothing	to	do	with	your	“real”
job.	Maybe	it’s	marathon	running	or	ceramics	or	electronic	music	or	another	passion	that	you	pursue	in
your	free	time.	Whatever	it	is,	building	a	minimalist	business	around	the	people	you	love	to	spend	time
with	and	the	ways	you	love	to	spend	your	time	depends	on	being	part	of	a	community.	You	may	already	be
thinking	about	how	to	solve	the	problems	of	a	current	community	you	participate	in,	or	you	may	simply	be
planning	 to	 join	 a	 community	 based	 on	 something	 you	 love.	 Either	 way,	 finding	 your	 people	 is	 really
important	at	the	beginning.	Not	just	for	the	sake	of	your	business	but	also	for	the	sake	of	your	own	well-
being.
  Taking	writing	and	painting	classes	in	Provo	reminded	me	that	my	community	wasn’t	just	the	people	in
front	of	me;	it	was	also	a	wider	group	who	wanted,	like	me,	to	“turn	their	passions	into	livelihoods.”	The
real	communities	I	was	a	part	of	didn’t	care	about	growth	at	all	costs;	that	kind	of	accelerated	expansion
would	have	cracked	them	into	a	million	little	pieces.	Instead,	their	priority,	like	mine,	was	connecting	to
each	 other	 in	 ways	 that	 allowed	 for	 the	 space,	 time,	 and	 freedom	 to	 explore	 their	 interests	 and	 to
eventually	transform	their	passions	into	businesses	in	meaningful	ways.
Many	 people	 struggle	 to	 consciously	 place	 themselves	 within	 communities,	 even	 though	 everyone	 is
already	a	part	of	several.	If	you’re	reading	this	and	wondering	which	communities	you’re	already	a	part
of,	ask	yourself	these	questions:
If	I	talk,	who	listens?
Where	and	with	whom	do	I	already	spend	my	time,	online	and	offline?
In	what	situations	am	I	most	authentically	myself?
Who	do	I	hang	out	with,	even	though	I	don’t	really	like	them,	but	it’s	worth	it	since	we	share	something
  more	important	in	common?
  Spend	an	hour,	at	least.	Let	yourself	think	you’ve	run	out	of	ideas	at	least	a	few	times.	In	the	list	you
end	up	creating,	you’ll	find	the	people	you	are	meant	to	serve.	You	may	be	tempted	to	skip	this	exercise	if
you’ve	already	started	a	business,	but	I	believe	that	doing	this	regularly	is	a	good	opportunity	to	remind
yourself	why	you’re	doing	what	you’re	doing	and,	most	important,	who	you’re	doing	it	for.
  From	here,	you	can	turn	your	list	of	communities	into	a	list	of	locations—geographic	and	online—in
which	to	spend	even	more	time	learning	and	contributing:
    For	every	group	with	a	shared	interest,	there’s	a	Facebook	group,	a	Reddit	community,	a	Twitter	or
    Instagram	hashtag,	or	some	other	form	of	gathering	and	sharing	ideas	on	the	web.	There	are	often
    several.	Join	them	all.
    There	are	communities	run	by	the	businesses	that	service	that	community:	forums,	groups,	and	more.
    Join	those	too.
    There	are	also	notable	teachers,	with	online	classes	that	also	function	as	communities.	They	may	be
    also	worth	joining—though	be	mindful	of	the	cost.
    Of	course,	there	are	the	in-person	communities!	There	are	meetups,	workshops,	classes,	speaker
    series,	networking	events,	and	more.
  It’s	important	to	note	that	your	goal	here	is	to	join	communities,	not	networks.
In	a	network,	such	as	Facebook,	Twitter,	or	Instagram,	newcomers	start	at	zero.	No	one	says	“hi”	when
they	walk	in	the	door,	and	if	you	have	something	to	say,	there’s	no	guarantee	that	anyone	will	hear	or
help.
  Networks,	 in	 person	 or	 online,	 aren’t	 bad.	 Sometimes	 they	 can	 lead	 to	 genuine	 and	 meaningful
connection,	especially	over	time,	as	you	gain	friends	and	followers	and	the	algorithms	start	to	recommend
your	 work	 and	 your	 content	 to	 people	 who	 don’t	 already	 know	 you.	 But	 where	 did	 those	 friends	 and
followers	come	from	in	the	first	place?	The	communities	you’re	in!	(Note:	Networks	and	audience	are
really	important	for	the	minimalist	entrepreneur,	just	not	yet.	We’ll	cover	them	deeply	in	chapter	5.)
  Eventually,	you	will	be	part	of	various	networks	as	the	face	of	your	business,	but	at	the	beginning,
beware	of	believing	that	communities	and	networks	are	interchangeable,	no	matter	how	appealing	the
potential	virality	may	seem.	Instead,	build	deep	relationships	first.
Being	a	member	of	a	community	is	a	start,	but	the	real	magic	happens	when	you	start	to	contribute.
Authors	and	bloggers	Ben	McConnell	and	Jackie	Huba	call	this	the	“1%	Rule”:	On	the	internet,	they	say,	1
percent	create,	9	percent	contribute,	and	90	percent	consume.	They’ve	shown	this	rule	to	be	true	when
applied	to	sites	like	Wikipedia	and	Yahoo,	and	it’s	also	widely	applicable	to	other	collaborative	websites.
For	example,	most	people	do	not	post,	comment,	or	even	upvote	on	Reddit	like	Sol	Orwell	and	Kurtis
Frank	did.	Instead	they	browse	anonymously,	which	is	known	as	“lurking.”	To	cite	one	example,	even
when	the	r/Askreddit	subreddit	was	getting	1.5	million	unique	visitors	a	day,	it	was	only	getting	2,674
submissions	and	110,408	comments	in	the	same	period.
  If	you	contribute,	you	will	have	ten	times	the	presence	of	someone	who	doesn’t.	And	it	will	continue	to
grow	from	there.
  Contributing	means	commenting,	editing,	and	generally	being	part	of	the	broader	conversation.	What’s
more,	if	you	go	further	and	create	by	showing	what	you’re	working	on,	teaching	what	you’re	learning,	and
bringing	new	material	to	your	community,	that	influence	will	grow	ninetyfold.	Of	course	I	am	simplifying,
but	hopefully	the	point	stands:	While	it’s	better	to	lurk	rather	than	needlessly	comment,	it’s	even	better	to
add	value	into	the	community	even	if	you	don’t	feel	that	you’re	ready.	If	you	struggle	with	this,	as	many
do,	remind	yourself	that	if	you	have	something	to	add,	it’s	selfish	to	keep	it	to	yourself!
  Once	you	begin	contributing,	folks	will	start	recognizing	your	name.	Eventually,	some	may	seek	your
words	of	wisdom	by	“@mention”ing	you	directly	or	by	following	you	so	they	get	notified	every	time	you
post.
  When	I	lived	in	Utah,	I	met	several	painters	who	built	communities	and	eventually	businesses	in	this
way.	One	example	is	landscape	oil	painter	Bryan	Mark	Taylor,	who	was	part	of	a	community	of	painters
and	 art	 enthusiasts	 participating	 in	 and	 attending	 plein-air	 painting	 competitions	 up	 and	 down	 the
California	 coastline.	 He	 sold	 his	 work	 through	 these	 competitions	 and	 established	 a	 loyal	 group	 of
collectors	and	fellow	artists,	who	followed	him	to	Instagram.	There	he	grew	his	community	by	posting
more	of	his	work	and	educational	videos.	When	his	easel	broke	on	a	backpacking	trip	in	the	early	2010s,
he	created	the	first	prototype	of	the	Strada	Easel	to	solve	his	own	problem.	And	because	his	community
had	grown	organically	over	a	period	of	years	and	through	a	shared	passion,	he	had	thousands	of	other
painters	he	could	share	it	with	who	then	wanted	one	for	themselves.	Today,	the	Strada	Easel	makes	him
and	his	employees	a	happy	living,	and	he	gets	to	paint	as	much	as	he	wants.
  Once	you’re	regularly	cultivating	relationships	by	contributing	to	the	conversation,	the	time	will	come
when	you’re	ready	to	go	further	and	educate	others.	But	what	will	you	say	and	how	will	you	engage	the
people	you’ve	come	to	know	and	respect	in	your	community?	It’s	all	about	creating	value	and	can	all	be
summed	up	by	three	signs	Nathan	Barry,	the	founder	of	ConvertKit,	which	provides	email	marketing	for
creators,	has	hanging	in	his	office.	They	read:
    “Work	in	Public”
    “Teach	Everything	You	Know”
    “Create	Every	Day”
  If	you’re	always	learning,	you’ll	always	have	something	to	teach	others	about	their	own	next	best	steps.
  When	Nathan	started	blogging	and	publishing	ebooks	in	2006,	he	struggled	to	grow	the	community	for
his	work,	while	others	in	his	space	seemed	to	have	no	trouble	at	all.	One	web	designer	he	followed	was
Chris	Coyier,	who	was	regularly	posting	articles	and	tutorials	on	his	website,	CSS-Tricks.com.
  Chris	had	a	following	based	on	his	articles,	and	in	2012	when	he	needed	$3,500	for	living	expenses	to
take	 a	 month	 off	 to	 redesign	 his	 site,	 he	 promised	 recorded	 tutorials	 about	 the	 redesign	 process	 in
exchange	for	a	contribution	to	his	Kickstarter	campaign.	In	short	order,	Chris	raised	$87,000.	“I	couldn’t
help	but	think	how	Chris	and	I	had	equal	skill	sets	when	it	came	to	web	design,”	Nathan	writes.	“We
started	at	the	same	time	and	progressed	at	the	same	rate.	So	how	did	Chris	have	the	ability	to	flip	the
switch	and	make	$87,000	off	a	Kickstarter	campaign	and	I	didn’t	have	the	ability	at	all?	What	was	the
difference?”
  They	were	both	doing	the	work,	but	Chris	was	sharing	it,	while	Nathan	was	not.	“I	realized	I	would	take
on	a	project,	do	the	work,	deliver	the	project	and	move	on,”	he	said.	“Chris	did	the	same	thing,	BUT
before	he	moved	on,	he	would	teach	about	everything	he	learned	doing	that	project.	When	he	could,	he
shared	samples,	he	wrote	tutorials	about	the	code	he	wrote	and	any	specific	methods	he	went	through.
He	did	this	with	every	project.	The	difference	was	that	all	along	the	way,	Chris	was	teaching	everything
he	knew	and	I	wasn’t.”	Since	that	epiphany,	ConvertKit	has	grown	to	over	$20	million	in	annual	recurring
revenue.
  Chances	 are,	 if	 you’ve	 learned	 something,	 there’s	 probably	 a	 good	 portion	 of	 your	 community	 that
would	find	value	in	learning	that	same	thing	from	you,	even	if	you	aren’t	the	world’s	leading	authority	on
the	subject.
  And	 if	 you’re	 regularly	 learning,	 then	 you’ll	 always	 have	 regular	 content	 to	 contribute	 to	 the
community.	This	can	become	a	nice	flywheel	over	time,	as	teaching	often	becomes	the	best	way	to	drive
your	own	curiosity	and	inspiration	to	learn	more	yourself.	And	when	you	learn	publicly,	your	students	will
have	questions	that	force	you	to	learn	even	more	stuff	to	teach	them.
  You	don’t	have	to	teach	everything	you	learn.	In	fact,	a	narrower	core	focus	can	be	better.	For	example,
Patrick	McKenzie,	a	writer,	entrepreneur,	and	software	business	expert	who	is	best	known	for	a	2012	post
on	salary	negotiation	that	has	since	become	a	cult	classic	in	the	software	engineering	space,	believes	that
the	 best	 personal	 brands	 exist	 at	 the	 intersection	 of	 two	 topics.	 He	 now	 works	 for	 Stripe,	 where	 he
continues	to	write	and	advise	software	engineers	and	software	entrepreneurs	about	how	to	start	and
scale	their	businesses,	speaking	from	real	experience	as	a	creator	and	business	owner	himself.
  If	 you’re	 learning	 every	 day,	 which	 you	 probably	 are,	 you’ll	 have	 something	 to	 share	 every	 day.
Meanwhile,	 you’ll	 build	 your	 skills	 and	 experience,	 learn	 to	 speak	 the	 language,	 and	 grow	 your
community,	all	essential	ingredients	when	you	eventually	have	a	product	you	are	ready	to	sell.
  Unfortunately,	as	you	probably	already	know,	there	are	no	shortcuts.	As	you	think	about	what	you’re
creating	now	and	how	that	might	lead	to	a	business	in	the	future,	look	to	the	communities	you’re	already
a	part	of.	You’ve	invested	time	and	energy	there,	so	perhaps	you	already	have	an	idea	of	how	to	proceed.
If	you	don’t,	keep	going,	and	continue	using	your	time	to	get	strong,	to	learn	how	to	paint,	to	learn	how	to
code,	to	learn	how	to	write,	or	to	learn	whatever	else	you	are	into,	teaching	what	you’re	learning	along
the	way.
  When	you	are	proficient	enough	to	monetize	what	you	know,	now	or	in	the	future,	if	you’ve	put	in	the
time,	 you	 will	 be	 part	 of	 a	 sizable	 community	 that	 will	 eventually	 be	 your	 first	 group	 of	 prospective
customers	(more	on	that	in	chapters	4	and	5).	This	is	an	important	factor	in	keeping	you	honest	about	the
quality	of	work	you	are	able	to	produce.	Your	community	should	serve	as	proof	that	you’re	improving,
producing,	and	helping	others;	these	people	could	spend	their	attention	on	a	gazillion	things,	and	they’ve
chosen	you.
  Becoming	 a	 person	 who	 helps	 people	 precedes	 building	 a	 business	 that	 helps	 people.	 It’s	 not	 a
coincidence.	When	you	become	a	pillar	in	a	community,	you	gain	exposure	to	the	problems	that	the	people
within	it	face.	People	will	come	to	you,	explain	their	problems,	and	ask	for	your	help	in	solving	them.
It	took	me	a	long	time—until	writing	this	book!—to	realize	how	important	communities	were	to	my	career.
The	Gumroad	origin	story	I	tell	starts	with	me	working	as	an	early	engineer	at	Pinterest.	A	few	months	in,
on	a	Friday	night,	I	was	at	home	learning	how	to	design	a	photorealistic	icon	for	a	side	project.	I	came	up
with	this:
  I	spent	four	hours,	if	I	recall	correctly.	But	if	I	had	had	a	source	file	to	work	from,	something	to	see	how
all	the	shadows	and	highlights	and	shapes	came	together,	it	would	have	taken	me	half	that	time.	I	would
have	totally	paid	money	for	that,	at	least	a	buck.	And	because	I	was	part	of	a	community	of	like-minded
designers,	I	knew	many	others	would	too.	Not	only	that,	but	a	subset	of	those	designers	followed	me
directly	on	Twitter—all	potential	customers.
  I	looked	around	online,	assuming	it	was	going	to	be	incredibly	easy	to	sell	something	digital	to	my
audience,	but	it	wasn’t.	It	would	have	required	setting	up	a	whole	storefront	and	paying	a	monthly	fee.	I
had	stubbed	my	toe	on	a	problem—a	concept	we’ll	explore	in	more	detail	later	in	this	chapter.
  I	built	Gumroad	that	weekend,	launched	it	Monday	morning,	and	even	sold	a	few	copies	of	that	pencil
icon.
  But	the	classic	origin	story	is	incomplete.	It	turns	out	I	had	had	a	similar	problem	and	thought	process
before,	 but	 I	 hadn’t	 decided	 to	 build	 Gumroad	 then.	 In	 a	 blog	 post	 from	 2012,	 I	 wrote	 about	 trying
unsuccessfully	 to	 find	 a	 way	 to	 sell	 the	 source	 code	 for	 a	 Twitter	 client	 app	 I	 built	 for	 the	 iPhone.	 I
searched	for	a	solution	for	a	few	hours,	but	I	couldn’t	find	anything	and	gave	up.
  A	 lot	 had	 changed	 in	 the	 years	 between	 the	 first	 time	 I	 imagined	 what	 would	 eventually	 become
Gumroad	and	the	second	time,	but	the	most	important	shift	was	that	I	had	found	my	communities	and	had
established	myself	within	them	by	creating,	contributing,	learning,	and	teaching.	When	I	had	the	idea	the
second	 time	 around,	 I	 was	 armed	 with	 the	 confidence,	 audience,	 and	 insights	 to	 solve	 a	 meaningful
problem	quickly	and	effectively.
  From	 the	 outside,	 it	 all	 seems	 so	 straightforward,	 but	 it	 took	 time	 not	 only	 to	 become	 part	 of	 the
community	but	also	to	choose	the	community	I	wanted	to	serve	and	decide	on	the	problem	I	wanted	to
solve.	There’s	really	no	such	thing	as	overnight	success.	Most	are	years	in	the	making,	just	like	my	ability
to	build	Gumroad	over	a	weekend	was	also	many	years	in	the	works.
  When	I	was	just	getting	started	with	web	design,	parents	and	teachers	were	my	first	clients	(a	social
studies	teacher	needed	a	website	for	her	books,	while	a	parent	needed	help	with	the	online	presence	of	a
local	charity	auction).	Over	time,	I	found	like-minded	web	designers	on	web	forums	like	TalkFreelance,
self-described	 as	 a	 “forum	 for	 web	 designers	 and	 freelance	 developers”	 interested	 in	 website	 design,
programming,	search	engine	optimization,	and	more.	Later,	I	found	Hacker	News,	a	site	where	most	of
Silicon	 Valley	 congregated	 online.	 At	 first,	 I	 was	 a	 lurker,	 then	 a	 commenter,	 and	 then	 an	 active
contributor.	And	because	my	Twitter	account	was	in	my	profile,	as	well	as	in	my	email	signature,	I	started
to	collect	a	small	following	of	people	who	signaled	their	interest	in	following	me!
  Communities	were	essential	for	my	personal	development	and	career	growth.	They	were	where	I	made
friends	and	formed	business	relationships.	To	this	day,	I	am	still	meeting	people	who	remember	my	name
or	handle	from	those	years.	I	never	had	an	agenda.	I	just	knew	I	wanted	to	be	part	of	Hacker	News.	And
with	their	help,	when	I	launched	Gumroad	that	first	Monday	morning,	it	rocketed	to	the	top	of	the	front
page	of	the	site	and	stayed	there	all	day.	Even	though	that	was	just	the	beginning	of	my	story,	it	was	still
confirmation	that	I	had	found	my	people	and	was	where	I	belonged.
Once	you	are	part	of	a	community,	you	can	start	to	make	a	list	of	difficulties	its	members	face,	and	you
can	think	about	how	you	could	build	a	product	or	service	to	solve	one	or	more	of	them.
  Every	community	has	a	unique	set	of	problems	that’s	calling	out	for	a	custom-built	solution.	You’re
probably	part	of	a	number	of	communities,	but	when	it	comes	to	making	an	impact	in	a	community	in	a
way	that	leads	to	a	minimalist	business,	you	should	focus	on	a	community	where	you	can	(and	want	to):
(1)	 create	 long-term	 value;	 (2)	 build	 relationships	 for	 decades	 to	 come;	 and	 (3)	 carve	 out	 a	 unique,
authentic	voice	for	yourself.	For	the	minimalist	entrepreneur	trying	to	make	an	impact,	community	is	a
way	to	stay	focused:	Instead	of	changing	the	world,	you	can	change	your	community’s	world.
  It’s	not	enough	to	pick	any	community;	you	also	have	to	consider	your	own	interests.	There	are	many
communities	that	you	may	be	a	part	of,	but	that	doesn’t	mean	you	want	to	dedicate	a	significant	portion	of
your	waking	hours	to	solving	their	problems.	Unless	some	element	of	the	community	and	its	problems
overlap	with	something	you’re	passionate	about,	it	is	unlikely	you	would	be	happy	operating	a	business
within	the	space—contempt	for	your	customers	is	not	optimal.
  There	are	two	more	important	attributes	that	will	decide	which	is	the	ideal	community	to	focus	on:	how
large	 the	 community	 is,	 and	 how	 much	 money	 they	 are	 willing	 to	 spend	 (said	 differently:	 the	 total
addressable	market,	or	TAM).	The	goal	here	is	not	to	find	the	largest	community	with	the	most	dollars	to
spend	in	order	to	capture	1	percent	of	it.	Instead,	you	should	find	something	right	in	the	middle.	Too
small,	and	you	won’t	be	able	to	build	a	sustainable	business.	Too	large,	and	it	will	cost	too	much	money	to
get	to	sustainability	in	the	first	place—and	you	will	attract	or	create	competitors	along	the	way,	leading	to
a	race	to	the	bottom	in	product	pricing	that	you	may	not	survive.
  The	 best	 way	 to	 win	 is	 to	 be	 the	 only.	 And	 the	 best	 way	 to	 be	 the	 only	 is	 to	 pick	 a	 group	 that	 is
Goldilocks	size,	has	problems	they	would	pay	money	to	solve,	and	is	underserved	(likely	because	it	is	too
small	for	larger	competitors	to	go	after).
  Tope	 Awotona,	 founder	 of	 Calendly,	 started	 three	 very	 different	 companies	 for	 three	 completely
different	 communities	 before	 eventually	 building	 the	 scheduling	 software	 business	 in	 2013.	 In	 2020,
Calendly	posted	nearly	$70	million	in	annual	recurring	revenue,	more	than	double	its	2019	figure.	But
Awotona’s	 first	 company	 was	 a	 dating	 app	 that	 never	 really	 got	 off	 the	 ground.	 The	 second	 was
projectorspot.com,	which	sold	(obviously)	projectors,	but	sales	were	poor	and	margins	small.	He	tried
again	with	a	third	startup,	selling	grills,	but	as	he	says,	“I	didn’t	know	anything	about	grills	and	I	didn’t
want	 to!	 I	 lived	 in	 an	 apartment,	 and	 never	 even	 grilled.”	 Not	 only	 was	 he	 not	 part	 of	 the	 grilling
community,	but	he	didn’t	even	want	to	be!
  He	took	a	different	approach	to	building	Calendly.	He	had	been	a	sales	rep	earlier	in	his	career,	and	he
knew	the	hassle	of	sending	multiple	emails	to	schedule	meetings.	He	had	even	run	into	the	scheduling
problem	while	trying	to	sell	his	own	products	as	an	entrepreneur.	As	time	went	on	and	his	other	ideas
failed	to	gain	traction,	he	saw	a	gap	in	the	marketplace	and	resolved	to	address	it	for	the	community	of
sales	 reps	 he	 cared	 about	 and	 understood.	 He	 says	 that	 “the	 journey	 to	 creating	 something	 that’s
impactful,	something	that	serves	people,	something	that	you	know	people	are	willing	to	open	up	their
wallets	 and	 pay	 for—is	 not	 something	 that	 you	 can	 do	 just	 for	 money.”	 While	 lots	 of	 people	 have
scheduling	 fatigue,	 Awotona	 focused	 on	 problems	 specific	 to	 sales	 reps,	 which	 helped	 him	 define	 a
problem	he	could	both	solve	and	monetize.
  What	does	that	mean	for	you?	First,	get	involved	in	those	communities	wherever	they	are,	offline	and
online.	Then,	contribute,	teach,	and,	most	important,	listen.	Finally,	use	the	filters	above	to	make	sure	you
are	picking	the	right	community	to	serve.
  Then,	your	problem	becomes:	Which	problem	should	I	pick?
The	 late	 Clayton	 Christensen	 described	 picking	 the	 right	 problem	 to	 solve	 as	 an	 opportunity	 to	 help
customers	achieve	what	they	hope	to	achieve	in	a	particular	moment.	“What	[great	companies]	really
need	to	home	in	on,”	he	wrote	in	a	2016	article	for	Harvard	Business	Review,	“is	the	progress	that	the
customer	is	trying	to	make	in	a	given	circumstance—what	the	customer	hopes	to	accomplish:	the	job	to
be	done.”
  For	example,	millions	of	people	buy	McDonald’s	milkshakes.	Why?	Because	McDonald’s	found	out	that
the	job	to	be	done	was	to	accompany	lonely	drivers	on	their	trips	to	work.	“Nearly	half	the	milkshakes
were	sold	in	the	very	early	morning.	It	was	the	only	thing	[the	customers]	bought,	they	were	always
alone,	 and	 they	 always	 got	 in	 the	 car	 and	 drove	 off	 with	 it.”	 This	 is	 one	 reason	 why	 McDonald’s
milkshakes	are	so	viscous:	so	they	last	a	whole,	lonely	car	ride.
  Now,	the	McDonald’s	marketing	team	can	go	into	an	office	and	create	a	problem	that	could	potentially
be	 solved	 only	 by	 their	 food.	 Then	 they	 can	 spend	 hundreds	 of	 millions	 of	 dollars	 on	 advertising	 to
convince	people	that	they	have	this	problem,	and	that	they	too	could	“hire”	a	milkshake	to	get	the	job
done.
  Christensen’s	idea	of	“the	job	to	be	done”	is	sound,	but	McDonald’s	is	doing	it	in	the	wrong	order.	They
didn’t	start	with	the	customer;	they	started	with	the	job	to	be	done,	and	then	sank	a	ton	of	money	into
making	customers	believe	they	needed	that	job	to	be	done.
  Minimalist	entrepreneurs	don’t	have	millions	of	dollars,	nor	do	they	want	to	manufacture	problems	for
people.	Instead,	we	believe	that	people	already	have	enough	problems,	and	that	our	role	is	to	help	them
get	rid	of	one.
  That	is	why	it	is	so	key	to	start	with	community.	If	you	try	to	make	something	for	everyone,	you	will
likely	end	up	making	something	that	no	one	really	wants	or	needs.	Once	you	know	the	group	of	people
you	want	to	help,	you	will	start	to	see	their	problems	much	more	readily.	There	are	more	problems	than
businesses.	You	just	have	to	find	them.
  Still	struggling?	Grab	a	pen	and	paper.	On	the	left,	write	down	the	person/community	you	would	like	to
help.	In	the	center,	write	down	how	they	spend	their	time	(buying	onions,	making	icons	of	pencils	on	a
Friday	night,	painting).	On	the	right,	write	down	the	problems	with	each	activity.	It	might	look	like	the
figure	on	page	46.
  That	blankness	is	like	a	blank	canvas,	or	a	blank	page,	or	a	blank	business	plan.	You	want	to	start	a
business	to	solve	a	problem,	but	you	don’t	have	any	problems	to	solve.
  If	you’re	struggling	here	(many	do),	some	Economics	101	may	help.	There	are	only	four	different	types
of	 utility:	 place	 utility,	 form	 utility,	 time	 utility,	 and	 possession	 utility.	 What	 can	 you	 make	 easier	 to
understand,	faster	to	get,	cheaper	to	buy,	or	more	accessible	to	others?
    Place	utility:	Make	something	inaccessible	accessible
    Form	utility:	Make	something	more	valuable	by	rearranging	existing	parts
    Time	utility:	Make	something	slow	go	fast
    Possession	utility:	Remove	a	middleman
  You	are	not	trying	to	create	problems	for	people	in	order	to	solve	them,	à	la	McDonald’s.	You	are	trying
to	discover	inefficiencies	in	the	lives	of	people	you	care	about	so	you	can	help	them.	These	may	sound
abstract,	so	let’s	put	the	four	types	of	utility	in	context.
  A	business	that	farms	coffee	beans	in	Ecuador	and	sells	them	in	San	Francisco	is	changing	the	“place”
property	of	the	beans.	Place	utility	is	what	you	are	paying	the	premium	for.
  If	 a	 coffee	 shop	 buys	 beans	 from	 a	 wholesaler	 and	 grinds	 them	 up,	 their	 customers	 are	 paying	 a
premium	for	form	utility.	(They	are	also,	in	theory,	paying	a	premium	for	place	utility	if	the	coffee	shop	is
closer	to	them	than	the	distributor	is.	Of	course,	many	businesses	are	a	combination.)
  If	they	also	sell	croissants	that	would	take	you	three	days	to	make,	you	are	also	paying	a	premium	for
time	utility.
  Finally,	 if	 you	 decide	 it’s	 better	 for	 you	 to	 invest	 in	 a	 croissant-making	 machine	 to	 make	 your	 own
croissants	than	to	pay	for	them	over	and	over	again,	that’s	possession	utility.
  One	business	that	provides	time	utility	is	theCut,	an	app	that	connects	barbers	and	clients	and	makes	it
faster	and	easier	to	find,	book,	and	pay	for	services.	Founders	Obi	Omile	and	Kush	Patel	came	up	with	the
idea	after	spending	hours	struggling	to	find	barbers	they	liked	and	trusted.	And	getting	an	appointment
with	the	best	barbers	often	meant	waiting	hours	because	many	used	informal	booking	systems.	TheCut
provides	utility	for	both	sides.	Clients	save	time,	and	barbers	find	new	clients	(possession	utility),	spend
less	time	communicating	with	current	ones	(time	utility),	and	receive	mobile	payments	(form	utility).
  Omile	 and	 Patel	 built	 a	 great	 business	 because	 they	 understood	 the	 problems	 that	 plagued	 the
community	they	planned	to	serve.	Once	you’ve	picked	your	own	community,	the	path	to	the	right	solution
will	become	clear	for	you	too.
Everyone	has	problems,	“stubbing	their	toe”	throughout	their	day.	You	may	look	around	and	think	your
life	is	pretty	good,	and	maybe	the	folks	around	you	do	too.	Or	maybe	the	problems	are	obvious,	and	you
already	know	what	you	want	to	build.
  But	most	people,	from	my	experience,	miss	these	moments	when	they	get	whiplash	from	something
being	much	harder	or	more	painful	than	they	initially	expected.	The	brain	adapts	quickly,	assuming	the
new	state	of	things.	It’s	meant	to	be	this	hard,	it	thinks,	or	there’s	a	really	good	reason	that	it	is,	or	it
would	be	too	annoying	to	change.	I	think	that’s	the	wrong	way	to	go	about	life.	Life	is	getting	better	all
the	time,	and	you	can	help	accelerate	the	pace.
  Basecamp	had	their	own	version	of	this	moment	when	they	were	struggling	to	find	the	right	tool	to
manage	products	with	their	clients.	As	founder	Jason	Fried	says,	“We	went	looking	for	a	tool	to	do	this.
What	we	found	were	ancient	relics.	To	us,	project	management	was	all	about	communication.	None	of	the
software	makers	at	the	time	seemed	to	agree.	So	we	decided	to	make	our	own.”
  When	they	launched,	they	were	already	an	essential	part	of	the	online	product	management	and	web
design	community,	with	a	well-read	blog	and	dozens	of	clients.	How	did	this	help	them?
  In	Jason’s	words:	“We	decided	early	on	that	if	we	were	able	to	generate	around	$5,000/month	after	a
year	(or	about	$60,000	in	annual	revenue),	we’d	have	a	good	thing	going.	Turns	out,	we	hit	that	number
in	about	six	weeks.	So	we	absolutely	were	on	to	something.”	When	they	had	something	ready	to	show
their	community,	it	turned	out	that	many	members	had	encountered	the	same	roadblock.
  If	you	have	a	problem,	other	people	probably	do	too.	Like	many	chefs,	Nick	Kokonas	regularly	faced	the
issue	of	lost	revenue	from	no-shows	at	his	Chicago	restaurants.	In	a	bid	to	solve	his	own	problem,	he
cofounded	 Tock,	 which	 manages	 demand	 through	 traditional	 reservations	 but	 also	 through	 ticketing,
which	 allows	 diners	 to	 prepay	 for	 reservations	 and	 special	 events	 and	 permits	 restaurants	 to	 create
“demand	 pricing”	 based	 on	 the	 desirability	 of	 reservation	 times.	 Prior	 to	 2020,	 Tock	 was	 in	 thirty
countries	and	two	hundred	cities,	and	 was	 in	 use	 by	 thousands	 of	 restaurants,	 including	 some	 of	 the
world’s	best.	During	the	COVID-19	pandemic,	Tock	innovated	further	by	launching	Tock	to	Go,	which
allows	customers	to	reserve	and	purchase	restaurant	meals	for	pickup	from	restaurants	that	may	not
have	offered	takeout	or	delivery	ever	before.
  All	of	these	businesses	and	many,	many	more	hark	back	to	community	as	a	starting	point.	After	all,	if
the	problem	you	are	solving	for	other	people	is	also	one	you	are	solving	for	yourself,	you	will	be	able	to
kill	a	lot	of	birds	with	one	stone.	And	if	you	build	a	product	to	solve	your	own	problem,	you	will	have	at
least	one	user—more	than	most	startups	ever	get.	Plus,	you	can	talk	to	that	user	every	single	second	of
the	day!
Most	businesses	do	not	work,	even	if	they	are	solving	a	real	problem.	This	is	often	because	while	they	are
building	 something	 people	 want,	 they	 are	 not	 building	 it	 in	 the	 right	 way	 with	 the	 right	 minimalist
mindset.	So	what	kind	of	business	can	you	build	without	a	dollar	of	venture	capital,	appropriate	to	your
skills	and	resources,	in	line	with	your	mission,	and	viable	in	the	marketplace?
  It	is	also	important	to	ask:	If	your	business	achieves	its	potential,	what	kind	of	positive	impact	might	it
make	on	the	world?	That,	not	the	lure	of	an	IPO,	should	be	the	guiding	light	for	the	founders	of	a	company
and	all	of	its	employees.
  These	are	the	criteria	I	use:
    Will	I	love	it?	Building	a	business	is	hard	and	time-consuming.	It	will	take	years.	And	the	more
    successful	it	is,	the	longer	you	will	work	on	it.	So	it’s	important	to	find	something	you	want	to	work	on,
    for	people	you	want	to	work	for.	To	build	a	successful	business,	you	need	to	build	something	people
    love.	To	stick	with	it,	you	need	to	build	something	you	love	working	on.
    Will	it	be	inherently	monetizable?	There	should	be	a	clear	path	to	charging	people	money	for
    something	of	value,	in	a	way	that	feels	obvious.	If	it	makes	sense,	it’ll	make	cents.
    Does	it	have	an	internal	growth	mechanism?	In	2020,	Gumroad’s	revenues	almost	doubled	due
    solely	to	word	of	mouth.	In	our	case,	it’s	impossible	to	use	the	product	without	sharing	it	with	other
    people,	and	as	a	result,	we’ve	been	able	to	“outsource”	our	sales	and	marketing	efforts	because	our
    customer	base	does	the	work	for	us	as	their	customers	use	our	platform.	This	is	true	of	a	lot	of
    minimalist	businesses,	especially	because	you’re	going	to	build	a	great	product	people	want	to	tell
    others	about,	and	that	they	may	eventually	want	to	use	themselves.
    Do	I	have	the	right	natural	skill	sets	to	build	this	business?	For	example,	if	the	business
    requires	a	lot	of	business	development	or	sales	calls	to	get	off	the	ground,	and	you	are	deathly	scared
    of	speaking	to	anyone,	then	it’s	probably	not	a	good	fit	for	you.	There	are	a	lot	of	businesses	waiting	to
    be	built—pick	the	right	one	for	you.
  No	one	book	contains	everything	you’ll	need	to	know	for	starting	any	kind	of	business.	The	important
thing	is	the	thought	process	you	bring	to	figuring	things	out	for	yourself.	You	need	the	right	mindset	and
to	know	what	questions	to	ask	yourself.	It	begins	and	ends	by	thinking	of	your	business	as	a	tool	to	solve	a
customer’s	problem.	Not	as	a	lottery	ticket.
Finally,	even	though	you	have	an	idea	you	are	excited	about	and	are	confident	you	can	build,	at	some
point	you	will	have	doubts.	Surround	yourself	with	colleagues	and	mentors	who	will	not	only	tell	you	the
truth	but	will	also	encourage	you	when	the	going	gets	tough.	After	all,	people	need	cheerleaders,	not	just
advice.	Inspiring	(and	inspired)	founders	and	leaders	are	not	born,	they	are	made.	Almost	anyone	can	do
it,	with	enough	patience,	guidance,	and	sincerity.
  A	minimalist	business	can	meet	you	where	you	are.	It	can	grow	with	you	as	you	grow	(more	on	this	in
chapter	6).	I	would	be	lying	if	I	said	talent	didn’t	matter	at	all,	but	what	truly	makes	great	founders	and
great	businesses	in	the	long	term	is	a	great	deal	of	persistence.	And	one	way	to	maximize	your	chances	of
success	is	to	focus	on	a	smaller	product,	on	a	community	you	are	a	core	part	of,	and	to	be	honest	about
whether	you	are	solving	the	problem	effectively	or	not.	That’s	why	a	mindful	approach	to	selling	to	a
community	you	already	have	a	relationship	with	is	so	important.
  When	you	have	doubts—and	you	will	have	doubts—go	back	to	the	fact	that	you’ve	already	started	the
work.	By	now,	you	will	have	(1)	zeroed	in	on	a	mission-aligned	problem	to	solve	and	(2)	generated	feasible
ideas	for	a	bootstrapped	business	that	can	tackle	that	problem	profitably	and	sustainably.	All	you	need	to
do	from	here,	is	to	keep	going.
   Check	out	“1,000	True	Fans,”	a	blog	post	by	Kevin	Kelly.
   Read	Get	Together,	a	book	by	Bailey	Richardson,	Kai	Elmer	Sotto,	and	Kevin	Huynh.
   Read	“How	We	Gather,”	a	report	by	Casper	ter	Kuile	and	Angie	Thurston.
   Listen	to	Calendly’s	Tope	Awotona	on	Guy	Raz’s	How	I	Built	This	podcast.
   Follow	Anne-Laure	Le	Cunff	on	Twitter	(@anthilemoon).	She	runs	a	successful	online	community	for
   makers,	community	builders,	creators,	and	more.
Make	 SOMETHING 	people	want.
         — 	COMBINATOR
Make	something	  PEOPLE	want.
             —ME
The	previous	chapter	was	all	about	finding	a	problem	worth	solving	for	people	worth	solving	it	for.	In	this
chapter,	I	explain	how	to	develop	your	idea	and	how	to	figure	out	what	you	need	to	do	now	versus	what
can	wait	until	you’re	in	business.	Knowledge	is	important,	but	so	is	momentum.	You	don’t	want	to	get	so
in	the	weeds	on	which	programming	language	to	learn	that	you	never	start	making	your	dream	app.
Especially	at	the	beginning,	minimalist	entrepreneurs	have	to	stick	to	what	is	truly	essential	rather	than
try	to	learn	and	do	everything	all	at	once.
  While	writers	are	often	told	to	“write	what	you	know,”	for	entrepreneurs	the	process	isn’t	so	simple.
When	 you’re	 starting	 a	 business,	 you’re	 often	 imagining	 something—a	 product,	 a	 service,	 a	 business
model—that’s	never	been	done	before.	That	said,	most	successful	minimalist	entrepreneurs	have	a	solid
background	(or	interest)	in	one	aspect	of	the	business	they’re	starting	even	if	they	don’t	know	everything
about	it	or	exactly	how	to	begin.
  For	me,	it	was	designing	pretty,	accessible	software.	When	the	iPhone	App	Store	launched	in	2008,	I
was	one	of	its	first	wave	of	developers.	Not	because	I	was	determined	to	start	a	business,	but	because	I
was	following	my	passions	and	curiosity.
  Unfortunately,	in	my	conversations	with	aspiring	founders,	this	moment	is	when	most	folks	decide	that
building	a	business	is	not	for	them.	They	have	the	passion,	but	they	let	self-doubt	creep	in,	convincing
themselves	that	they	don’t	possess	the	hard	skills	they	think	they	need,	such	as	iOS	programming	or
financial	modeling.	Let	me	tell	you	a	secret.	Every	founder,	even	the	most	successful	ones,	knows	nothing
at	the	beginning,	and	learns	from	there.	This	is	about	interests,	not	skills.	Instead	of	focusing	on	the
things	you	do	not	know,	focus	on	the	things	you	do.
  You	do	not	need	a	team,	money,	or	a	degree	to	start	building.	You	don’t	need	to	ship	or	to	code	to	make
your	idea	come	to	life—at	first.	You	might	need	them	later,	but	when	you	are	armed	with	a	product	that
people	truly	value,	these	things	will	be	easier	and	cheaper	to	acquire	than	you	think.	Often,	they	will	find
you.	If	your	passion	to	solve	a	problem	is	genuine,	you	can	overcome	obstacles	on	your	path	one	at	a	time.
If	you’re	on	a	mission	to	serve	customers,	you	can	learn	what	you	need	to	know	and	delegate	the	rest.
Just	figure	out	where	your	skills,	knowledge,	and	background	intersect	with	the	business	you	have	in
mind	and	leverage	these	strengths	to	the	hilt.	Don’t	get	permission.	Just	get	started.
  Anna	Gát,	founder	and	CEO	of	Interintellect,	was	determined	to	build	platforms	where	people	could
peacefully	share	their	beliefs	in	spite	of	growing	polarization	in	public	intellectual	and	political	spaces.
The	first	inkling	of	the	idea	had	come	to	her	between	Brexit	and	the	2016	elections	in	the	United	States.
Gát	felt	that	a	great	cultural	shift	was	happening,	and	she	was	eager	to	be	part	of	creating	the	way	the
world	 would	 look	 in	 the	 years	 to	 come.	 It	 was	 a	 bold	 idea,	 but	 she	 had	 accomplished	 a	 similarly
challenging	 task	 several	 years	 before	 as	 cofounder	 of	 Hungary’s	 leading	 women’s	 rights	 website	 and
events	community,	for	which	she	won	a	Glamour	Woman	of	the	Year	Award.	Now	she	was	focused	on
creating	mediated	spaces	that	would	allow	people	with	irreconcilable	opinions	to	come	together.	Her	first
iteration	was	a	platform	for	academics	where	adversarial	conversation	and	research	could	take	place,	but
within	a	few	months,	she	found	working	with	that	community	to	be	a	much	slower	process	than	she	had
anticipated.	What	she	was	building	wasn’t	scalable.
  Her	 second	 version	 of	 the	 product,	 a	 messaging	 app	 that	 would	 facilitate	 public	 discourse	 through
artificial	intelligence,	was	even	more	ambitious.	For	two	years,	she	poured	all	of	her	energy,	money,	and
time	into	building	a	new	platform,	working	nights	and	spending	every	dollar	she	had	to	fund	testing	and
development.	 Unfortunately,	 as	 the	 product	 moved	 closer	 to	 launch,	 many	 people	 who	 had	 said	 they
would	use	the	app	were	not	as	interested	as	they	had	indicated	in	preliminary	research.
  “I	was	hell-bent	on	building	technology,”	she	says,	and	the	whole	endeavor	had	been	so	expensive	and
time-consuming	that	she	was	reluctant	to	abandon	it.	But	in	the	meantime,	she	was	organizing	in-person
salons	where	people	could	share	their	opinions	and	ideas.	She	didn’t	consider	these	gatherings	to	be	a
business,	but	she	knew	she	had	inadvertently	created	the	vibrant	intellectual	community	she	had	been
seeking—it	was	just	happening	through	the	salons	rather	than	through	the	app.
  Her	entire	career	had	been	in	tech,	so	building	a	company	with	zero	tech	felt	counterintuitive.	She
abandoned	the	app	anyway	and	pursued	the	“grander”	idea	based	on	the	energy	and	fun	she	felt	in	the
salon	community.	Now	Interintellect	is	growing	sustainably	and	realizing	her	initial	dreams	by	way	of	a
low-tech,	systematized	solution	that	reflects	what	her	customers	want	and	need.
  Later	 in	 this	 chapter	 we’ll	 talk	 more	 about	 Interintellect,	 but	 I	 get	 why	 so	 many	 people	 start	 with
software	 or	 technology	 when	 building	 a	 business.	 I	 love	 it	 too,	 but	 it’s	 far	 too	 constricting	 at	 the
beginning	 of	 the	 creative	 process.	 It	 makes	 the	 stakes	 too	 high,	 and	 it’s	 too	 serious,	 expensive,	 and
stressful!	That	doesn’t	mean	you	shouldn’t	use	engineering	strategies	to	get	started.	It’s	just	that	you
don’t	have	to	jump	straight	into	coding	or	programming	to	create	the	processes	that	will	power	your
minimalist	business.
  The	world	will	tell	you	to	go	big	or	go	home,	but	I	say	go	small	at	the	beginning.	And	the	smallest	you
could	possibly	start	is	to	build	nothing	at	all.	Instead	of	skipping	straight	to	software,	stick	with	pen	and
paper.
Every	 big	 idea	 was	 small	 first.	 If	 you	 don’t	 start	 small,	 if	 you	 can’t	 help	 people	 one	 by	 one,	 you	 will
struggle	to	build	a	business	around	your	idea.	Leave	your	ego	at	the	door,	set	aside	your	concerns	about
funding	and	software,	and	focus	on	your	first	customers,	using	your	time	and	your	expertise	to	solve	real
problems	for	real	people.
  Now	that	people	know	you,	trust	you,	and	perhaps	even	turn	to	you	for	expertise,	it	is	time	to	start
helping	them	in	a	systematic,	repeatable	way	that	allows	for	continuous	improvement	and	iteration.	As
you	fulfill	the	first	customer	cycle,	document	each	part	of	the	process	so	that	with	every	consecutive
customer	you	have	a	playbook.	This	document	will	be	the	true	MVP	of	your	business.	I’m	not	talking
about	 the	 minimum	 viable	 product	 that	 we’re	 all	 trying	 to	 build	 and	 to	 launch.	 I’m	 talking	 about	 the
manual	valuable	process	that	precedes	it	and	will	be	the	foundation	for	the	business	you’re	trying	to
build.
  Methodically	creating	this	manual	valuable	process	and	recording	the	steps	you	take	to	complete	it	will
help	 you	 figure	 out	 what’s	 working	 and	 what	 isn’t.	 It	 will	 also	 help	 you	 discover	 if	 you’re	 making
something	that	people	actually	need	or	will	buy.	In	his	book	Anything	You	Want,	CD	Baby	founder	Derek
Sivers	writes,	“If	you	want	to	make	a	movie	recommendation	service,	start	by	telling	friends	to	call	you
for	movie	recommendations.	When	you	find	a	movie	your	friends	like,	they	buy	you	a	drink.	Keep	track	of
what	you	recommended	and	how	your	friends	liked	it,	and	improve	from	there.”
  Unfortunately,	the	English	language	does	not	have	a	word	for	this	activity,	so	I	made	one	up:
   processize	(verb)
  It	really	should	be	a	word	in	the	dictionary	because	it	is	so	important	on	the	path	to	building	a	business
the	 right	 way.	 Unfortunately,	 many	 people	 miss	 this	 step,	 falter,	 and	 ultimately	 fail	 because	 they	 go
straight	from	problem	to	product	before	learning	exactly	what	and	how	to	build.	But	processizing	is	a
cheap,	quick	discovery	process	that	is	essential.	“Creating	a	product	is	a	process	of	discovery,	not	mere
implementation.	Technology	is	applied	science,”	Naval	Ravikant	says.
  Without	 processization,	 you	 may	 think	 you	 know	 what	 the	 customer	 actually	 wants,	 maybe	 even
because	the	customer	has	told	you	what	they	want,	and	maybe	even	what	they	would	pay	for.	But	as	Anna
Gát	can	tell	us,	talk	is	cheap.	Until	you	get	through	the	entire	process	of	solving	the	customer’s	problem
and	(ultimately)	receiving	payment,	you	won’t	know	what	the	customer	wants	and	is	willing	to	pay	for.
You	 need	 to	 solve	 one	 customer’s	 problem	 reasonably	 well,	 if	 imperfectly,	 before	 you	 can	 scale.	 If	 it
works,	great.	If	it	doesn’t,	you	may	realize	you	want	to	scale	up,	but	your	customers	couldn’t	care	less.	If
that’s	the	case,	you	may	want	to	consider	a	different	idea.
  One	minimalist	business	built	on	process	is	Endcrawl.com.	For	eight	years,	founder	John	“Pliny”	Eremic
ran	a	post-production	company	for	the	film	industry	and	watched	filmmakers	struggle	to	produce	the	end
credits	 that	 listed	 all	 of	 the	 people,	 places,	 and	 organizations	 that	 appeared	 in	 or	 contributed	 to	 the
making	of	a	film.	He	and	his	cofounder,	Alan	Grow,	knew	there	had	to	be	a	better	way,	and	the	obvious
answer	was	some	kind	of	software	to	manage	the	endless	changes	and	updates	that	made	the	process	so
painful.	But	they	didn’t	start	there;	instead,	they	set	up	a	Google	Sheet	and	a	simple	Perl	script	to	build
end	credits	to	help	them	learn	about	their	customers	and	validate	some	of	their	core	assumptions.	Their
initial	process	looked	like	this:
    First,	they	gave	customers	a	Google	Sheet	with	their	end	credits	formatted	to	their	specifications.
    Customers	could	edit	the	Google	Sheet	as	often	and	as	much	as	they	like.
    Once	customers	wanted	a	new	“render”	or	video	output	of	the	credits,	they	emailed	the	request.
    Pliny	or	Alan	manually	exported	their	Google	Sheet	to	CSV.
    Then	they	manually	ran	the	CSV	through	the	Perl	script.
    Next,	they	manually	uploaded	the	files	to	Dropbox.
    Finally,	they	manually	emailed	the	customer	the	download	link.
  For	filmmakers	used	to	waiting	up	to	twenty-four	hours,	it	was	a	revelation	that	this	process,	even
manually,	took	only	about	fifteen	minutes.	It	also	allowed	the	customers	to	control	their	data	and	to	do	an
unlimited	number	of	revisions	for	a	fixed	price	until	the	credits	were	just	right.	For	customers,	life	was
just	a	little	bit	better.	For	Pliny	and	Alan,	it	was	a	chance	for	discovery.
Even	after	you	help	your	first	few	customers,	you	might	not	be	totally	sure	how	to	solve	the	problem	you
have	chosen	to	solve	for	your	community,	but	one	of	the	easiest	ways	to	get	started	and	to	experiment	is
to	freelance.	Selling	your	time	does	not	scale	nearly	as	well	as	other	types	of	businesses	but	can	generate
positive	cash	flow	much	sooner,	giving	you	the	breathing	room	to	think	about	what	comes	next.
                                Forms	of	self-employment	income	for	developers
  In	my	experience,	many	of	the	best	minimalist	businesses	started	out	as	freelance	work	or	side	projects
before	evolving	into	viable	companies	with	potential	for	long-term	growth.	As	you	consider	what	exactly
to	build,	there	are	a	few	routes	that	will	get	you	to	a	profitable,	sustainable	business	in	the	quickest,	most
efficient	way.	They	are:
    Selling	your	knowledge	and	teaching	people	via	digital	content	(videos,	ebooks,	podcasts,
    and	courses).	Lynda	.com,	which	LinkedIn	acquired	in	2015,	grew	from	a	book	and	a	series	of	in-
    person	workshops	led	by	Lynda	Weinman.	When	the	dot-com	bubble	burst	in	2001,	Lynda	and	her
    husband,	Bruce	Heavin,	offered	a	subscription	service	to	the	online	educational	videos	they	made
    about	web	design,	an	idea	that	was	new	at	the	time.	At	first	it	seemed	that	the	business	would	not
    survive,	but	as	Lynda.com’s	subscribers	grew	from	just	a	few	hundred	to	hundreds	of	thousands,	their
    industry	impact	also	expanded	astronomically.
    Selling	a	physical	product	(merchandise	or	a	unique	product	offering).	Noxgear	manufactures
    light-up	visibility	vests	for	runners	and	cyclists.	The	idea	first	came	to	cofounders	Tom	Walters	and
    Simon	Curran	when	they	patched	together	a	version	of	what	would	eventually	become	the	Tracer360
    for	their	nighttime	ultimate	Frisbee	games.	When	they	looked	into	what	was	available	in	the
    marketplace	for	early-morning	and	late-night	athletes,	they	saw	an	opportunity,	prototyped	their
    product,	and	sold	the	first	five	hundred	vests	on	Kickstarter.	They’ve	since	added	the	Lighthound,	a
    light-up	harness	for	dogs.
    Connecting	people	for	a	flat	or	percentage	fee.	Craig	Newmark	started	Craigslist	as	an	email	list
    among	his	friends,	highlighting	local	events	in	the	San	Francisco	Bay	Area	worth	checking	out.	Today,
    they	are	doing	over	$1	billion	in	revenue	per	year,	with	fewer	than	a	hundred	employees.	But	while
    Craigslist	is	the	quintessential	example	of	connecting	people,	there	are	many	ways	to	do	this.	Job
    boards,	like	People	First	Jobs	(which	we	discuss	in	chapter	7	on	culture	and	hiring),	connect
    companies	with	candidates,	often	charging	a	flat	fee	for	doing	so.	And	there	are	communities	too,	like
    Product	Manager	HQ,	that	connect	like-minded	folks	with	each	other.
    Software	as	a	service	(SaaS).	The	idea	of	building	a	software	solution	that	would	optimize	remote
    work	and	minimize	distractions	came	to	Justin	Mitchell	and	his	team	at	Yac	in	2018.	In	four	days,	they
    built	the	first	iteration	of	what	would	eventually	become	their	asynchronous	voice	messaging	app	for
    Product	Hunt’s	Makers	Festival,	because	they	saw	a	hole	in	the	market	for	remote	workers	who	were
    constantly	dealing	with	the	demands	of	Zoom	meetings	and	the	distraction	of	Slack.	Although	YAC’s
    platform,	integrations,	and	features	have	grown	since	then,	it	all	began	with	the	small	idea	of
    eliminating	interruptions.
  In	 the	 last	 chapter	 we	 covered	 the	 four	 different	 kinds	 of	 economic	 utility:	 place,	 form,	 time	 and
possession.	To	come	up	with	your	offering,	you’ll	likely	overlay	that	list	onto	the	list	above	to	come	up
with	the	type	of	business	that	best	solves	the	problem	you’re	trying	to	solve	for	your	customers.	For
example,	you	may	save	people	time	(time	utility)	learning	a	new	skill	with	an	online,	cohort-based	course
(digital	 content).	 Or	 you	 may	 build	 software	 (form	 utility)	 that	 automates	 a	 manual,	 physical	 process
(SaaS).
  Over	time,	your	business	will	likely	offer	two	or	more	of	these	products	and	services,	but	at	first,	you
should	pick	one	to	focus	on	and	get	started.	In	general,	that	should	be	the	one	that	lets	you	begin	today,
instead	of	tomorrow.
  Remember	that	you	don’t	have	to	know	everything	about	what	you’re	doing	at	the	beginning	(or	ever),
and	many	people	are	wrong	the	first	time	about	what	they	are	building.	The	fact	is,	it’s	very	likely	that
you	discover	the	kind	of	business	you	should	be	building	as	you	are	building	another	business	you	thought
you	should	be	building.	As	Adam	Wathan	of	Tailwind	UI	says,	“Want	to	find	a	good	SaaS	idea?	Start	a
business,	literally	any	business.	You	will	soon	realize	how	bad	every	existing	tool	is	that	you	have	to	pay
for	to	run	that	business,	and	you	will	quickly	become	overwhelmed	by	the	number	of	things	you	feel	you
need	to	build	yourself.”
  If	you	make	a	false	start,	just	go	back,	reset,	and	begin	again.	Nothing	you’ve	done	or	learned	is	ever
wasted.	A	sustainable,	growing	business	will	take	years	to	fully	develop,	and	because	you	are	growing	as
the	business	wishes	you	to,	you	have	the	time	to	make	adjustments	and	learn	the	skills	you	need	to	know
to	 succeed	 at	 each	 step.	 That’s	 because	 you	 are	 not	 doing	 this	 the	 unicorn	 way,	 which	 the	 venture
capitalist	Marc	Andreessen	refers	to	as	“baking	a	cake	in	three	minutes.”	You	are	using	your	slow	cooker
to	make	a	soup,	on	low	heat	and	in	full	view.
  And	if	you’re	not	rushing,	you	have	time	to	talk	to	customers,	time	to	iterate,	and	time	to	test	your
hypothesis.
A	 business	 hypothesis	 is	 just	 like	 the	 one	 you	 learned	 in	 fifth-grade	 science	 class.	 It	 is	 a	 suggested
solution	for	a	problem	that	does	not	currently	have	a	solution.	It	must	be	testable	(able	to	be	tested
repeatedly	and	independently)	and	falsifiable	(able	to	be	proved	wrong).
  For	example:	My	customers	will	pay	a	fixed	fee	with	a	small	premium	to	get	their	end	credits	quickly
and	efficiently	produced	with	as	many	renders	as	they	need.
  Every	business	starts	by	testing	a	hypothesis	with	real	customers.	And	if	you	only	have	one	customer,
you	can	treat	your	startup	like	a	white-glove	service.	This	may	mean	a	phone	call	or	sitting	across	the
table	from	your	customer	at	a	local	coffee	shop,	helping	them	with	their	problem.
  The	goal	of	these	meetings	is	to	validate	this	hypothesis.	It	takes	time	to	test	and	honest	reflection	to
recognize	when	you	are	wrong.	But	it	is	better	to	be	wrong	now,	when	the	stakes	are	low,	than	to	be
wrong	after	you	have	spent	five	years	and	some	of	your	own	personal	capital	trying	to	build	your	idea	into
a	business	that	was	never	meant	to	exist.
  When	you	are	validating	a	hypothesis,	do	not	ask	leading	questions—questions	that	point	people	to	the
answer	you	want	to	hear.	Instead,	think	about	creating	the	kind	of	feedback	loop	that	author	and	tech
entrepreneur	 Rob	 Fitzpatrick	 writes	 about	 in	 The	 Mom	 Test.	 When	 you	 ask	 the	 kind	 of	 questions	 he
recommends,	the	kind	even	your	mom	can’t	lie	to	you	about,	you	will	get	the	honest	truth,	because	no	one
will	know	that	you	have	a	new	idea	for	a	business	and	that	you’re	testing	to	see	if	it’s	viable.	For	example,
you	shouldn’t	ask:
Instead,	ask:
  There	are	many	businesses	that	cannot	be	proved	in	this	way,	but	these	are	not	the	types	of	businesses
we	are	interested	in	building.	We’re	aiming	to	build	businesses	that	are	testable	at	a	small	scale,	and	can
then	be	scaled	up	gradually,	over	time.
  Another	benefit	of	this	approach:	You	can	charge	for	it.	If	you	are	genuinely	helping	someone,	you	do
not	need	to	wait	until	you	have	a	product	to	sell	in	order	to	make	money.	You	can	be	paid	for	your	time
like	Pliny	and	Alan	were	even	before	they	technically	had	a	“product.”
  In	their	case,	the	process	they	created	proved	their	hypothesis	that	filmmakers	would	pay	for	a	solution
to	the	problem	of	trying	to	finish	the	credits.	Your	first	idea	may	not	go	as	smoothly,	and	that	is	totally
okay—most	experiments	are	wrong.	You	are	at	the	frontier,	literally	trying	to	make	something	that	does
not	exist	yet,	and	you	will	be	wrong	a	lot	on	the	way	to	figuring	out	what	your	customers	want.	As	long	as
you	are	working	toward	being	right	through	processization,	you	only	have	to	be	right	once.
  And	when	you	do	arrive	there,	you	will	have	a	document	that	dictates	your	perfect	process,	because	as
you’ve	walked	someone	through	solving	their	problem,	you’ve	refined	the	steps	it	takes	to	get	there.	This
process	will	take	future	customers	from	nothing	to	something.	It’s	something	you	can	share	(perhaps
publish).	You	haven’t	made	any	money.	You	don’t	necessarily	have	a	business	yet.	But	you’ve	provided
what	Paul	Graham,	the	founder	of	Y	Combinator	among	many	other	endeavors,	calls	a	“quantum	of	utility:
when	there	is	at	least	some	set	of	users	who	would	be	excited	to	hear	about	it,	because	they	can	now	do
something	they	couldn’t	do	before.”
Before	I	launched	into	research	or	coding	or	brand	building,	I	picked	a	single	problem	to	solve	for	myself
and	 for	 my	 community	 of	 creators:	 selling	 digital	 files	 to	 their	 audiences.	 The	 basic	 assumption	 was
simple,	that	people	were	starting	their	careers	on	the	internet,	some	of	them	finding	enormous	success
through	social	media	rather	than	with	websites	and	blogs.	But	at	the	end	of	the	day,	when	they	needed	a
platform	to	sell	what	they	were	making,	they	still	wanted	somewhere	to	send	people	and	a	streamlined
way	to	deliver	digital	files	and	get	paid	for	them.
  At	its	start,	like	any	good	product,	Gumroad	really	only	did	one	thing.	The	original	Gumroad	website
reads:
1.	 Take	a	file	or	a	link	of	value.	This	can	be	anything.	From	a	link	to	an	exclusive	build	of	an	app,	to	a
    secret	blog	post,	to	an	icon	you	spent	hours	designing.
2.	 Share	it.	Just	like	any	old	link.	Choose	your	own	price.	You	don’t	have	to	create	a	store.	And	you	don’t
    have	to	do	any	management.
3.	 Make	money.	And	that’s	it.	At	the	end	of	each	month	we’ll	deposit	the	money	you’ve	earned	to	your
    PayPal	account.
  If	you	think	building	an	app	like	that	is	insanely	complicated,	it	may	be	useful	to	know	that	most	apps
on	the	internet	consist	of	two	things:	forms	and	lists.	Twitter,	for	example,	has	a	form	you	use	to	tweet
(with	a	single	input)	and	a	list	of	tweets	you	see	from	people	you	follow.
  These	 apps	 are	 referred	 to	 as	 CRUD	 apps,	 as	 they	 have	 four	 actions	 you	 can	 take:	 Create,	 Read,
Update,	and	Delete.	And	Twitter	doesn’t	even	let	you	edit	tweets!
  Gumroad	fit	this	model.	At	first,	I	let	a	creator	create,	edit,	and	delete	products,	and	allowed	consumers
to	view	them	(“read”	them).	Stripe	made	payments	easy	to	take,	and	PayPal	made	it	easy	for	payouts	to
be	sent	out	(albeit	manually	at	first).
  Gumroad	didn’t	have	file	uploading	at	the	time	(you	had	to	specify	a	destination	URL	post-purchase,
like	a	YouTube	URL),	and	I	didn’t	even	have	automated	payouts	or	fee	calculations.	That	was	all	manual.
  The	 whole	 app	 was	 twenty-seven	 hundred	 lines	 of	 mostly	 copy-pasted	 code	 in	 a	 single	 Python	 file,
hosted	on	Google’s	cloud.	(I’ve	since	open-sourced	the	code;	find	the	link	at	the	end	of	the	chapter.)	But	it
worked!	It	solved	the	problem.	So	I	launched.	Of	course,	it	wasn’t	“ready”	for	the	masses,	but	ten	years
later,	Gumroad	still	doesn’t	feel	ready.	I	don’t	think	it	ever	will	be.
  Wait	a	second,	no	payouts?	Nope!	Instead,	I	collected	everyone’s	PayPal	information.	At	the	end	of
every	month,	I	made	a	list	of	everyone’s	email	addresses	and	their	account	balances,	and	paid	everyone
out	 one	 by	 one.	 Eventually,	 I	 started	 to	 automate	 bits	 of	 it.	 Instead	 of	 copy-pasting	 lines	 from	 the
database,	I	wrote	some	code	to	download	a	list.	Later,	I	wrote	a	script	that	would	issue	the	payouts	using
PayPal’s	API.
  There	were	still	issues.	For	example,	whether	you	made	a	sale	on	August	1	or	August	30,	you	would	still
be	paid	out	on	August	31,	meaning	fraudsters	could	make	a	bunch	of	sales	a	few	minutes	right	before
they’re	meant	to	be	paid	out,	circumventing	our	ability	to	review	and	block	the	transactions.	Since	then
we’ve	added	a	seven-day	buffer,	though	we	got	away	with	not	having	any	buffer	for	at	least	a	year	or	two.
  Over	time,	we	automated	absolutely	everything,	which	made	all	the	difference	when	I	needed	to	run	the
ship	single-handedly.	But	we	didn’t	start	there!	First,	I	“hired”	myself	to	do	it.	Then	I	built	a	process
around	it.	Then	we	turned	parts	of	it	into	a	product,	now	wholly	automated.
To	this	day,	processizing	is	a	concept	we	employ	over	and	over	again	at	Gumroad.	Everything	I	do	is	listed
on	a	piece	of	paper	that	everyone	in	the	company	can	access.	When	I	go	on	vacation,	someone	else	can
take	over	my	job.	And	if	I	get	hit	by	a	bus,	the	company	doesn’t	go	under.	Once	you	have	this	magic	piece
of	paper,	you	can	turn	your	process	into	a	product.	We	don’t	have	to	make	up	a	new	word	for	this	because
it	already	exists:	“productizing.”
  Productizing	simply	means	developing	a	process	into	something	you	can	sell.	In	the	processizing	stage,
you	 created	 a	 manual	 valuable	 process	 for	 yourself	 and	 built	 a	 system	 for	 working	 efficiently	 and
effectively	as	you	helped	each	individual	customer.	Now	you	are	ready	to	productize,	which	means	that
you	automate	each	individual	task	so	that	people	can	sign	up,	use,	and	pay	for	your	product	without	you
being	involved.
  If	processizing	is	how	you	scale	a	manual	process,	then	productizing	is	how	you	go	fully	automatic.	Just
like	a	brick-and-mortar	business	in	your	local	community	needs	some	essentials	to	get	up	and	running,
you	will	need	to	do	the	same	for	your	minimalist	business.	And	if	you	have	to	go	back	a	few	steps,	don’t
worry,	because	that’s	part	of	the	process	too.
    Name	your	business.	Before	you	can	tell	anyone	about	your	product,	you	need	a	name.	I	like	names
    that	take	two	words	and	combine	them,	because	I	find	them	easier	to	remember	than	a	new,	made-up
    word.	I	also	think	they	help	with	word	of	mouth	because	everyone	will	know	how	to	spell	them.	This	is
    also	called	a	“radio	test”:	If	someone	hears	your	business’s	name	on	the	radio,	can	they	find	it	using
    Google?	Gumroad,	Dropbox,	and	Facebook	follow	this	model.	But	honestly,	your	name	doesn’t	matter
    much.	Take	it	from	the	founder	of	Gumroad.	If	you’re	successful,	your	name	will	feel	right.
    Build	a	website	and	create	an	email	address.	The	equivalent	of	your	brick-and-mortar	store	is	a
    website.	To	do	that,	you	need	to	buy	a	domain;	it	will	cost	you	about	$10	(renewing	yearly).	Connect	it
    to	a	website-building	platform	like	Carrd,	Gumroad,	Wix,	or	something	else.	These	will	cost	about	$10
    a	month.	Create	an	email	address	for	yourself	with	that	domain	(sahil@gumroad.com,	for	example),	as
    well	as	a	password	manager.
    Create	social	media	accounts.	You’ll	need	two	sets	of	accounts,	one	for	you	personally	and	one	for
    your	business	(you’ll	see	why	in	the	chapter	on	marketing).
    Make	it	easy	for	customers	to	pay.	Get	a	Square	or	Stripe	account.	These	are	payment	processors
    that	will	help	you	collect	credit	card	payments	online	and	in	person.	They	are	free	to	sign	up	for	and
    cost	about	2.9	percent	plus	30	cents	per	transaction.	(You	may	want	to	spin	up	an	LLC	too,	but	I	tend
    to	wait	until	I	have	a	few	customers	before	committing.)
  Now	your	business	is	ready	to	accept	your	first	customer.	If	someone	asks	you	what	you	are	working
on,	you	can	give	them	a	URL	they	can	check	out	(if	not	checkout!).	At	the	beginning,	you	should	use	it	to
explain	what	your	product	does	and	provide	an	email	for	folks	who	may	be	interested	in	such	a	thing,
even	 if	 you	 do	 not	 have	 a	 product	 yet.	 You	 can	 and	 should	 always	 be	 learning	 and	 interacting	 with
prospective	customers.
  Once	you	have	these	in	place,	you	can	start	building.	But	what	exactly	to	build?	As	little	as	you	can.
We’ll	get	into	launching	in	the	next	chapter,	but	this	chapter	is	about	building.	That	means	you	need	to
start	 shipping,	 and	 shipping	 means	 you	 should	 start	 with	 almost	 nothing,	 because	 the	 job	 is	 to	 start
delivering	value	for	your	community/customers	as	quickly	as	possible.	And	they	don’t	want	to	wait!
If	 you’re	 a	 minimalist	 entrepreneur,	 the	 early	 stages	 are	 all	 about	 constraints.	 Now	 that	 you’re
productizing,	you	have	to	add	in	more	limits.	In	addition	to	your	product	doing	just	one	thing	(at	first),
there	are	other	ways	to	control	the	temptation	to	try	to	do	everything	at	once	.	.	.
or	to	try	to	do	it
perfectly.
  I	ask	myself	four	questions	every	time	I	want	to	build	something	new:
1.	 Can	I	ship	it	in	a	weekend?	The	first	iteration	of	most	solutions	can	and	should	be	prototyped	in	two	to
    three	days.
2.	 Is	it	making	my	customers	lives	a	little	better?
3.	 Is	a	customer	willing	to	pay	me	for	it?	It’s	important	for	the	business	to	be	profitable	from	day	one,	so
    creating	something	valuable	enough	for	people	to	pay	for	is	key.
4.	 Can	I	get	feedback	quickly?	Make	sure	that	you’re	building	a	product	for	people	who	can	let	you	know
    if	you’re	doing	a	good	job	or	not.	The	faster	you	get	feedback,	the	faster	you’ll	build	something	truly
    valuable	and	worth	paying	for.
  Note	that	there	are	no	constraints	around	how	pretty	the	product	is	or	how	well	written	the	code	is.
That’s	another	reason	to	do	as	little	as	you	possibly	can:	to	be	honest	with	yourself	about	how	useful	your
product	actually	is.	A	product	that	is	beautiful	or	has	great	marketing	behind	it	may	feel	more	useful	than
it	actually	is.	But	if	your	product	is	incredibly	minimal	and	useful,	and	people	look	past	the	lack	of	polish
and	use	it,	you	will	know	you	are	on	to	something.
  The	perfect	example	of	this	is	Craigslist.	It’s	never	been	pretty,	but	it’s	always	worked	so	well	that	it
didn’t	matter.	And	it’s	so	useful	that	it’s	spawned	a	whole	world	of	businesses	created	from	that	model.
The	goal	here	is	to	build	something	“good	enough.”	Good	enough	to	show	others,	and	good	enough	for
them	to	pay	for.	Which	is	almost	always	much	less	than	you	think.
  Ryan	Hoover	launched	Product	Hunt,	a	site	for	product-loving	enthusiasts	to	share	and	geek	out	over
the	latest	mobile	apps,	websites,	hardware	projects,	and	tech	creations,	with	an	email	list	and	Linkydink,
a	tool	for	creating	collaborative	daily	email	digests.	It	happened	quickly.	Hoover	says,	“Over	Thanksgiving
break,	 we	 designed	 and	 built	 Product	 Hunt.	 .	 .	 .	 [Five]	 days	 later,	 we	 had	 a	 very	 minimal	 but	 fully
functional	product.	We	emailed	our	supporters	a	link	to	Product	Hunt,	informing	them	not	to	share	it
publicly.	 The	 supporters	 were	 thrilled	 to	 join	 and	 play	 with	 a	 working	 version	 of	 something	 they	 had
thought	about	and,	indirectly,	helped	build.	That	day	we	acquired	our	first	30	users.	By	the	end	of	the
week,	we	had	100	users	and	felt	ready	to	share	Product	Hunt	with	the	world.”
  From	the	very	beginning,	Product	Hunt	had	enough	momentum	that	Hoover	realized	it	was	a	project
worth	 pursuing.	 His	 day	 job	 building	 tools	 for	 game	 developers	 had	 given	 him	 time	 and	 space	 to
experiment	(see	freelancing),	and	he	had	a	clear	idea	of	what	he	wanted	Product	Hunt	to	be.	He	knew	he
didn’t	need	to	reinvent	the	wheel;	he	could	use	something	similar	to	the	format	of	Reddit.	But	since	he
wasn’t	an	engineer,	he	still	found	himself	asking,	“How	am	I	going	to	build	it?	Who	will	develop	it?”	In	the
end,	rather	than	get	bogged	down	by	those	questions,	he	decided	that	the	newsletter	was	a	superquick,
no-code	way	to	get	the	project	off	the	ground	and	build	some	confidence	around	his	idea.
  Like	me,	Ryan	doesn’t	believe	that	founders	should	start	with	code.	“Do	shitty	work	people	love	at
first,”	he	says.	As	more	and	more	infrastructure	gets	built	by	new	businesses	(including,	perhaps,	the	one
you’re	working	on	now),	it	is	getting	cheaper,	faster,	and	more	accessible	to	build	an	MVP	without	code.
What	that	means	is	that	you	shouldn’t	wait	until	tomorrow	to	get	started.	The	lower	the	barriers	to	entry,
the	more	competition	you	will	have.
  The	trendline	is	simple:	democratization.	Everything	that	a	software	engineer	can	do	today,	everyone
can	do	tomorrow.	It	means	you	need	to	know	less	to	do	more.	Even	if	your	service	is	manual,	or	your
product	is	physical,	you	will	be	able	to	take	advantage	of	software	to	provide	your	service	as	efficiently	as
possible.	Every	single	business	is	in	some	way	tech-enabled,	even	though	the	end	product	may	not	be.
  For	 example,	 if	 you	 are	 building	 a	 software	 business,	 you	 can	 visit	 Makerpad.co	 and	 learn	 how	 to
connect	Gumroad	and	Carrd	to	accept	orders	on	your	website	without	writing	a	single	line	of	code.	And
when	you	are	ready	to	automate	your	manual	fulfillment	process,	it	will	teach	you	how	to	add	Airtable	and
Google	Forms	and	Mailchimp.	There	are	products	like	Notion,	which	we	use	to	run	our	entire	company.
And	there	are	services	like	Zapier,	which	allow	you	to	automate	the	connections	between	all	the	software
you	use.	Seriously,	check	out	Makerpad.	You’ll	be	surprised	how	much	you	can	build	without	writing	a
single	line	of	code.
  Similar	to	processizing	your	workflow	as	you	were	helping	people,	these	tools	will	let	you	processize
and	later	productize	the	internal	functions	of	your	business	itself.
  Perhaps	most	important,	they	will	save	you	money.	The	further	you	can	get	without	hiring	your	first
engineer	if	you	are	building	a	software	product,	the	higher	your	chances	of	achieving	profitability.	And
the	further	you	get,	the	better	the	employee	you	can	hire.	(And	more	often	than	you	think,	these	people
will	find	you!)
Building	 a	 business	 is	 a	 lesson	 in	 fast	 feedback	 loops	 and	 iteration.	 Imagine	 if	 you	 were	 on	 a	 boat
searching	for	treasure,	but	you	could	only	ping	your	radar	once	a	year.	Then	once	a	month.	Then	every
day.	The	boat	is	your	business,	and	the	treasure	is	product-market	fit.
  You	will	be	wrong	a	lot;	the	goal	is	to	get	less	wrong	as	quickly	as	you	can.	This	is	why	shipping	early
and	often	is	so	important.	Gumroad,	for	example,	has	never	shipped	a	“v2”	in	ten	years.	Instead,	we	have
shipped	tens	of	thousands	(literally)	of	incremental	and	major	improvements	over	time.	Each	time,	we
cross	the	threshold	for	some	customer	from	“I	may	want	this	later”	to	“I	need	this	now.”
  Your	goal	is	to	move	away	from	being	paid	directly	for	your	time.	This	is	important	because	your	time	is
far	more	valuable	than	your	money,	and	so	you	should	almost	always	welcome	the	trade.	Over	time,	you
can	improve	on	the	exchange	rate,	but	you	should	always	know	what	it	is.
  For	example,	if	you	are	helping	people	for	$10	an	hour,	you	can	set	a	goal	to	get	to	$20	an	hour.	You	can
do	this	by	building	software	tools	to	help	you	do	your	job	twice	as	fast,	or	you	can	increase	demand	for
your	service	such	that	you	are	able	to	charge	more.	Ultimately,	you	will	be	able	to	make	the	equivalent	of
thousands	of	dollars	per	hour,	but	at	the	beginning	you’re	still	learning	and	iterating	as	fast	as	you	can.
After	all,	what	matters	is	not	just	the	processes	you	build	for	your	business;	it’s	also	the	processes	you
build	for	yourself.
  While	it	may	seem	obvious	how	to	productize	a	SaaS	business,	productizing	isn’t	just	about	coding	and
software.	It	applies	to	any	minimalist	business,	including	Interintellect.	Because	Anna	Gát	processized
early,	 Interintellect	 has	 a	 predictable,	 repeatable	 format	 based	 on	 four	 pillars:	 creating	 a	 moderated
space,	allowing	equal	speaking	time	for	participants,	promoting	fun	and	entertainment,	and	establishing	a
patient,	transparent,	multidisciplinary	atmosphere.	The	salons	are	organized	and	tracked	by	topic,	time
zone,	and	host,	and	a	tight	feedback	loop	allows	the	company	to	surface	the	most	discussed	topics	in	the
community	forum	and	to	program	events	based	on	customer	preferences.
  “One	interesting	thing	you	only	learn	in	practice	after	doing	it	a	thousand	times,”	she	says,	“is	what
you’re	really	making.	I	was	convinced	I	was	making	events	at	the	start,	but	I’m	really	making	hosts.”	As	a
result,	Gát	has	launched	a	new	platform	that	will	enable	hosts	to	build	and	schedule	their	own	events	and
to	 approve,	 onboard,	 and	 train	 new	 hosts	 based	 on	 the	 incredibly	 strong	 set	 of	 norms	 by	 which	 the
community	abides.
  As	Interintellect	expands,	Anna	expects	to	further	automate	the	company’s	processes	so	that	they	can
host	 sixty	 events	 per	 day	 around	 the	 world.	 For	 her,	 the	 goal	 of	 Interintellect	 salons	 is	 ultimately
entertainment	even	as	she	systematizes	a	ritual	around	how	people	congregate	so	that	they	can	learn,
share,	and	interact	in	an	intellectually	relaxed	space.	Even	if	your	business	doesn’t	at	first	seem	to	lend
itself	to	processizing	and	productizing,	Interintellect	is	a	good	example	of	how	this	methodology	can	be
applied	in	almost	any	setting.
At	 the	 end	 of	 the	 last	 chapter,	 I	 talked	 about	 squashing	 doubts,	 but	 if	 you’re	 like	 99	 percent	 of	 the
founders	out	there,	doubts	will	be	with	you	every	step	of	the	way,	especially	when	you	bring	your	product
out	to	a	community	that	you	know	and	respect.	Even	though	selling	to	strangers	is	inefficient,	people	are
still	desperate	to	avoid	the	awkwardness	of	telling	their	community	what	they’re	working	on.	Sorry,	but
it’s	still	absolutely	critical	to	start	there.
  This	self-doubt	never	goes	away.	Even	when	you	conquer	community,	you’ll	still	have	self-doubt	about
product.	 When	 you	 build	 and	 ship	 a	 product,	 you’ll	 have	 self-doubt	 about	 sales.	 When	 you’ve	 done
everything	mentioned	in	this	book,	you’ll	have	self-doubt	about	whether	you’re	qualified	enough	to	write
it	all	down.	(Hi!)
  Just	 get	 going,	 and	 keep	 going.	 Your	 failures	 will	 fade,	 while	 your	 successes	 will	 stick	 around	 and
compound.	You	didn’t	believe	you’d	get	this	far,	yet	the	data	shows	that	you	did.	Remind	yourself	of	that
as	often	as	you	need	to,	I	certainly	do.
  We	began	this	chapter	talking	about	momentum.	Let’s	finish	talking	about	confidence:	As	you	build	the
solution	you’ll	sell	to	your	first	customer,	you	will	also	gain	the	confidence	to	know	you’re	on	the	right
track	and	take	the	next	leap	forward.
  If	you’re	lucky,	you	may	be	able	to	get	away	with	building	almost	nothing.	If	you’ve	solved	a	true	pain
point	for	real	people,	they	won’t	fault	the	simplicity	of	your	offering	but	appreciate	you	for	it.	Some	will
even	ask	to	pay.	This	is	the	exciting	part:	You	made	your	first	dollar	on	the	internet.	You	crossed	the	great
divide	from	zero	to	one.	You	started.
Read	Getting	Real,	a	free	“book”	about	building	a	web	app,	by	Basecamp,	available	online	at
https://basecamp.com/books/getting-real.
Read	The	Mom	Test,	a	book	on	how	to	talk—and	listen—to	customers,	by	Rob	Fitzpatrick.
Browse	Gumroad’s	original	source	code,	which	I	recently	published	online	at
https://github.com/gumroad/gumroad-v1.
Explore	Rosieland,	@rosie.land,	a	resource	for	community	builders	created	by	Rosie	Sherry.
Follow	Daniel	Vassallo	(@dvassallo)	on	Twitter.	He	made	a	living	on	Gumroad	before	joining	as	our
quarter-time	head	of	product.
It	just	took	off.	A	true	viral	success.
               — NO	ONE,EVER
After	building	a	product,	many	people	think	the	next	step	is	launching	it	to	the	world.	Hollywood	has
premiere	parties,	while	Silicon	Valley	has	Demo	Days,	Product	Hunt	launches,	and	“Show	HN”	posts.
  This	obsession	with	launching	is	not	exclusive	to	Hollywood	and	Silicon	Valley.	It	pervades	the	thinking
of	cities	and	towns	throughout	the	world.	There’s	probably	a	restaurant	near	you	with	a	giant	red	sign
pinned	over	its	entrance	reading	 GRAND 	OPENING.
  It	invites	you	in,	with	a	promise	that	you’ll	be	one	of	the	first.	Maybe	you’ll	get	a	deal.	But	tomorrow,
and	even	a	month	from	now,	the	sign	is	still	there.	They’re	always	opening,	and	grandly	too!
  Lots	of	businesses	go	this	route.	Jeffrey	Katzenberg,	cofounder	and	former	CEO	of	Dreamworks,	and
Meg	Whitman,	former	CEO	of	eBay,	founded	streaming	video	service	Quibi,	a	cautionary	tale	of	launching
before	actually	going	to	market.	The	company	raised	$1.8	billion	and	bought	Super	Bowl	ads,	expecting
the	whole	world	to	flock	to	their	service.	It	planned	a	launch	party,	meant	to	draw	150	celebrities	among
its	1,500	guests,	that	was	canceled	due	to	the	COVID-19	pandemic.
  Ultimately,	 the	 app	 bombed.	 Only	 300,000	 people	 downloaded	 Quibi	 on	 day	 one,	 compared	 with
Disney+’s	4	million.	One	month	post-launch,	Quibi	had	fallen	off	the	Top	100	chart,	and	within	six	months
it	shut	down	and	returned	its	investors’	money.
  This	experience	isn’t	so	different	for	software	businesses.	Two	excitable	cofounders	work	on	an	app,
submit	it	to	Product	Hunt,	and	see	thousands	of	sign-ups	on	the	first	day.	A	few	months	later,	no	one	is
using	it,	and	they’re	on	to	a	new	project.	Rinse	and	repeat.	But	businesses	are	not	something	you	engage
with	once,	talk	to	your	friends	about,	and	then	forget	as	you	move	on	to	the	next	thing.	Your	business
should	have	customers	for	life,	not	just	for	a	Friday	night.
  That’s	because	the	real	story	of	starting	and	then	growing	a	business	isn’t	really	that	thrilling	most
days.	Between	start	and	success,	it	can	be	a	slog.	It	can	take	years.	And	it	often	isn’t	nearly	as	glamorous
as	 you	 expect.	 But	 you	 will	 have	 many	 small	 victories,	 and	 over	 time	 they	 will	 build	 into	 a	 sense	 of
satisfaction	and	pride	that	comes	from	not	giving	up.
  In	the	last	chapter	we	focused	on	process	and	product,	but	once	you	have	your	MVP,	it’s	time	to	turn
your	attention	to	your	first	customers.	If	you	wait	too	long,	if	you	endlessly	iterate	without	showing	your
work	to	the	world,	you	may	feel	productive	even	though	you	are	slowly	(or	quickly)	running	out	of	runway.
  That’s	why	it’s	so	important	to	start.	Once	you	have	enough	repeat	customers,	you	have	product-market
fit,	which	is	a	milestone	worth	celebrating	and	a	sign	you	can	think	about	launching.	Until	then,	skip	the
one-time	grand	opening,	and	instead	focus	on	the	slow	and	steady	journey	of	selling	to	your	first	hundred
customers.
I	interviewed	a	lot	of	people	for	this	book,	and	you	wouldn’t	believe	how	hard	it	was	to	get	anyone	to	talk
about	 sales.	 No	 one	 likes	 the	 stereotype	 idea	 of	 selling—it’s	 sleazy,	 and	 it	 depends	 on	 information
asymmetry—but	that	is	not	what	we	are	doing	here.	You	already	have	a	relationship	with	the	community,
and	you’re	selling	a	product	that	adds	value	to	the	life	of	a	customer	who	is	happy	to	pay	for	it.
  Eventually	 strangers	 will	 buy	 your	 product,	 but	 mostly	 because	 your	 customers	 are	 spreading	 the
gospel	of	your	business	and	product,	not	because	they	saw	an	ad.	But	it	will	take	time	to	get	there.	It’s
not	something	you	hit	on	day	one.
  Look	at	your	own	life:	When	was	the	last	time	you	went	on	Twitter	or	Facebook	and	shouted	from	your
digital	balcony	about	a	product	you	loved?	It	just	doesn’t	happen	that	often.
  “Viral	success”	is	a	myth,	pure	and	simple.	There	is	no	such	thing.	It’s	just	something	journalists	say
about	a	person,	company,	product,	or	service	whose	seemingly	rapid	rise	is	inexplicable	from	the	outside.
Most	of	us—and	that	includes	journalists—only	notice	new	things	when	they’ve	reached	escape	velocity.
We’re	often	unaware	of	the	previous	months	or	years	of	hard	work	and	stumbles.
  At	the	end	of	this	chapter,	you	will	launch,	but	it’s	because	you’ll	be	celebrating	milestones	that	will
actually	mean	something	about	the	longevity	and	sustainability	of	your	business.	You	will	be	profitable,
you	will	have	customers	paying	for	your	product,	and	they	will	be	telling	other	customers	about	it.	Then
you	can	launch—or	rather,	you	can	celebrate	by	saying	thank	you	to	the	community	and	the	customers
who	have	helped	you	build	from	nothing	to	something.
  Until	then,	treat	the	sales	process	as	an	opportunity	for	discovery.	You	think	your	product	is	market-
ready.	It’s	probably	not.	You	think	you’ve	figured	out	the	correct	pricing	tiers.	You	probably	haven’t.
  Turn	every	failed	conversion	into	an	insight.	Either	you’re	talking	to	the	wrong	person	and	you	need	to
shift	your	focus,	or	they’re	the	right	person	but	your	product	still	has	work	to	do	to	solve	their	problem.
Both	are	good	learnings,	learnings	you	want	to	have	before	you	start	marketing	to	a	broader	audience.
  For	now,	sales	is	an	education	process.	Your	customers	will	get	to	know	you,	and	you’ll	get	to	know
what’s	working,	what’s	not,	and	how	to	fix	it.	Selling	might	not	always	go	smoothly	at	the	beginning,	but	I
guarantee	 waiting	 won’t	 make	 it	 any	 easier.	 Once	 you’ve	 figured	 out	 how	 to	 get	 started,	 the	 next
challenge	is	pricing.
Pricing	is	hard.	In	the	early	days,	you	may	be	tempted	to	give	your	product	away	for	free	or	to	charge	less
than	the	value	of	your	time	or	the	raw	materials	you	used.	Don’t.	In	order	to	stay	alive,	you	need	to	make
money.	The	only	way	to	do	that	is	not	only	to	charge	something,	but	to	charge	something	that	allows	you
to	stay	afloat.	If	you’ve	productized,	then	you’ve	already	figured	out	an	initial	pricing	structure	for	your
first	customers,	and	pricing,	just	like	every	other	part	of	a	business,	is	subject	to	iteration.	Eventually,	the
type	of	customer	you	have	will	influence	how	and	how	much	you	charge,	but	at	the	beginning,	as	you
build	your	solution,	keep	in	mind	that	you’re	able	to	charge	in	two	ways:
    Cost-based	(things	that	have	inherent	costs—for	example,	web	servers	or	an	employee’s	time).	If	you
    need	to	pay	a	certain	amount,	you	can	add	a	“margin,”	say	20	percent,	and	charge	that.	For	example,
    retail	stores	often	buy	wholesale	and	double	the	price	when	they	sell	it	to	consumers	(giving	them	a
    margin	of	50	percent).	Marketplaces	such	as	iTunes	or	iStockPhoto	often	go	with	this	method.
    Value-based	(a	feature	with	clear	value).	This	is	charging	for	something	not	because	it	costs	you
    money	to	deliver,	but	because	it	has	inherent	value	for	the	customer.	For	example,	Netflix	may	have	a
    multiscreen	feature	that	doesn’t	cost	them	any	money	to	provide	(beyond	the	engineering	costs	to	ship
    the	feature	in	the	first	place),	but	they	are	able	to	charge	a	monthly	fee	for	it.
  The	 goal	 is	 to	 eventually	 charge	 people	 for	 tiered	 levels	 of	 service,	 which	 you	 can	 do	 when	 your
product,	service,	or	software	has	an	established	value	and	brand.	Think	of	the	tiers	as	you	would	think	of
the	different	types	of	plane	tickets—you’ll	get	to	your	destination	whether	you	sit	in	economy,	business
class,	or	first	class,	but	with	substantially	different	levels	of	service.	Tiered	pricing	is	a	common	practice
for	most	software	businesses,	and	it	changes	all	the	time	depending	on	the	features	offered.	For	example,
Circle.so,	 a	 community	 platform	 for	 creators,	 has	 three	 levels	 of	 service,	 basic,	 professional,	 and
enterprise,	 based	 both	 on	 the	 number	 of	 members	 in	 the	 community	 and	 on	 available	 features	 and
integrations.
  Even	if	you	start	low	and	go	up	over	time,	it	is	important	to	charge	something.	There	is	a	very	large
difference	between	free	and	one	dollar—that’s	the	zero	price	effect.	As	behavioral	economist	Dan	Ariely
writes	in	Predictably	Irrational,	“people	will	jump	for	something	free	even	when	it’s	something	they	don’t
want.”	 He	 uses	 the	 example	 of	 a	 long	 line	 of	 college	 students	 waiting	 for	 free,	 terribly	 unhealthy
brownies.	Asked	to	pay	even	just	one	cent,	the	line	of	kids	disappears.
  (Later,	 you	 can	 consider	 introducing	 a	 free	 tier.	 This	 model,	 popularized	 by	 venture	 capitalist	 Fred
Wilson,	is	often	referred	to	as	“freemium.”)
  Advertising-driven	media	models	are	another	example.	When	the	reader	doesn’t	pay	anything,	it’s	often
hard	to	convince	them	that	it’s	valuable	when	the	time	comes	to	start	charging	for	it.
  Pricing	decisions	are	not	permanent.	A	price	is	just	a	part	of	a	product,	like	everything	else,	and	it	can
and	will	change	over	time.	Similar	to	product	development,	your	goal	is	to	start	the	discovery	process,	not
get	to	the	perfect	result	right	away.
  It’s	worth	noting	that	when	prices	for	products	do	change,	they	generally	go	up.	This	should	be	true	for
you	as	well:	As	your	product	improves	and	you	are	able	to	provide	a	better	service,	your	offering	will
become	 more	 valuable	 to	 your	 customer	 as	 well—and	 you	 may	 even	 introduce	 higher	 tiers	 for	 your
superusers.
  Once	you’ve	picked	a	price,	you	need	to	shop	it	around.	I	recommend	starting	with	those	closest	to	you:
your	friends	and	family.
  (Unfortunately,	 not	 everyone	 has	 a	 supportive	 family.	 Feel	 free	 to	 substitute	 a	 chosen	 family	 in	 its
place.)
In	Silicon	Valley,	there’s	a	term	for	the	first	round	of	funding:	the	“friends	and	family”	round.	This	may	be
even	more	common	outside	the	Bay	Area,	where	venture	capitalists	and	angel	investors	do	not	patrol	the
streets	looking	for	things	to	fund.	But	friends	and	family	aren’t	just	important	when	it	comes	to	funding.
Whether	or	not	they’ve	given	you	a	dime	up	until	now,	it’s	worth	pitching	them	to	be	your	first	customers.
  This	may	make	you	uncomfortable	even	if	you	know	that	friends	and	family	are	in	the	dead	center	of
your	 community.	 It	 certainly	 made	 me	 uncomfortable,	 shoving	 my	 business	 in	 my	 friends’	 faces	 and
asking	them	to	try	Gumroad	when	I	knew	I	didn’t	have	all	the	kinks	worked	out	yet.	But	when	you’re	just
getting	started,	with	few	credentials	to	your	name,	who	trusts	you	more	than	your	friends	and	family?
And	if	they	don’t,	who	will?
  Yet	 people	 believe	 they	 can	 skip	 their	 friends	 and	 family	 in	 favor	 of	 launching	 and	 going	 viral.	 For
example,	 on	 Kickstarter.	 But	 even	 Kickstarter	 knows	 this	 isn’t	 the	 case.	 “Millions	 of	 people	 visit
Kickstarter	 every	 week,	 but	 support	 always	 begins	 with	 people	 you	 know,”	 it	 reads	 on	 their	 website.
“Friends,	fans,	and	the	communities	you’re	a	part	of	will	likely	be	some	of	your	earliest	supporters,	not	to
mention	your	biggest	resources	for	spreading	the	word	about	your	project.”
  Projects	do	go	viral	occasionally,	I’m	sure,	but	virtually	none	without	a	big	initial	push	from	the	friends,
family,	and	fans	of	the	project’s	creators.	All	of	that	is	to	say	it’s	normal	and	maybe	even	expected	to	rely
on	friends	and	family	to	provide	initial	support,	and	to	be	the	first	to	buy	your	product.	If	you’re	having
trouble	with	that,	remind	yourself	you’ve	built	something	you	think	provides	real	value.	It’s	worth	paying
for	even	if	it’s	not	perfect!
  PleaseNotes	founder	and	CEO	Cheryl	Sutherland	was	using	journaling	and	affirmations	to	uncover	her
next	professional	step	when	she	came	up	with	the	idea	for	her	company,	which	offers	coaching	programs
and	makes	journals	and	other	products	geared	toward	personal	development.	A	close	friend	who	was	a
graphic	designer	helped	design	her	website	and	her	first	product,	the	PleaseNotes,	a	set	of	three	sticky
notepads	 printed	 with	 affirmations.	 Two	 other	 friends	 who	 had	 a	 crowdfunding	 consulting	 business
advised	her	on	how	to	launch	an	effective	Kickstarter	campaign	to	generate	preorders	for	her	second
product,	a	PleaseNotes	journal.	Her	goal	was	to	raise	$10,000.	She	eventually	raised	$15,054	from	253
people,	many	of	whom	were	friends	and	family.	That	money	allowed	her	to	test	the	market	and	gave	her
the	momentum	she	needed	to	keep	going.
  That	early	proof	of	concept	is	invaluable.	It	takes	time	for	a	restaurant	to	figure	out	their	menu,	hence
soft	 openings	 with	 friends	 and	 family.	 It	 takes	 time	 for	 a	 movie	 to	 figure	 out	 its	 pacing,	 hence	 test
screenings.	The	same	goes	for	your	business	and	your	product.
  Once	 you’ve	 addressed	 feedback	 and	 turned	 your	 friends	 and	 family	 into	 customers	 because	 your
product	is	genuinely	good,	you	can	move	on	from	your	friends	and	family,	and	into	your	communities.
Over	time,	this	becomes	less	about	you	and	more	about	your	product.	Your	friends	and	family,	whom	you
started	with,	cared	most	about	you.	Your	community	cares	less	about	you	and	more	about	your	product.
  This	is	the	same	way	your	business	grows:	starting	with	the	people	who	care	about	you	the	most,	and
“ending”	with	the	people	who	care	about	you	the	least.
  Even	if	you’ve	successfully	solved	a	problem	for	your	community,	it	may	take	some	time	and	patience	to
get	their	attention.	Humans,	like	objects,	have	inertia.	Everyone	is	on	a	path,	and	it	usually	takes	a	bump
to	knock	them	in	a	different	direction,	even	if	it	is	a	better	one	in	the	form	of	the	solution	you’re	offering
with	your	business.
  Beyond	the	other	human	beings	you	personally	know	or	are	connected	to,	you	can	seek	out	similar
customers	 in	 the	 physical	 environment	 around	 you.	 Every	 neighborhood,	 street,	 and	 downtown	 is	 a
community	where	people	live	together	and	hang	out.	In	thriving	communities,	there	are	local	businesses,
event	venues,	and	block	parties.	This	is	where	life	happens	outside	of	the	office	and	the	home.	Put	a
poster	on	the	wall	of	your	favorite	coffee	shop	and	on	telephone	poles.
  In	 the	 next	 chapter	 we’ll	 talk	 about	 formal	 marketing,	 but	 long	 before	 you	 ever	 implement	 a	 more
structured	plan,	you	can	still	take	advantage	of	opportunities	for	strategic	outreach.	Every	community	has
reporters	and	micro-influencers,	who	cover	the	goings-on	within	the	community.	In	Portland,	where	I	live
now,	there	are	dozens	of	Instagram	and	Twitter	accounts	about	every	facet	of	the	city.	These	are	student,
amateur,	and	professional	journalists.	They	live	to	write	about	what	you	are	up	to.
  This	is	how	you	make	that	happen:
1.	 Make	a	list	of	everyone—yes,	everyone—who	has	written	or	shared	anything	about	a	similar
    business.	A	business	launch.	A	business	closure.	A	new	product	launch.	A	date	night	at	that	business.
    We	can	call	these	people	subject	matter	experts.
2.	 Contact	them	all	personally.	Offer	to	walk	them	through	your	product,	or	meet	them	at	your	store,
    or	 give	 them	 a	 free	 meal.	 With	 Gumroad,	 I	 did	 this	 literally	 hundreds	 of	 times.	 And	 thousands	 of
    creators	later,	if	I	see	a	creator	I	really	like	whom	I	think	Gumroad	could	help,	I	still	reach	out.
3.	 Ask	for	their	personal,	candid	feedback.	Do	not	ask	for	reviews,	or	a	social	media	post,	or	for	them
    to	tell	their	friends.	Your	goal	is	to	improve	your	product	experience,	and	you	should	make	it	clear	that
    you	massively	appreciate	their	support.
  When	you	first	bring	your	product	to	market,	you	may	be	part	of	one	community,	but	that	community
will	grow	and	change	as	your	business	grows	and	changes.	It’s	simply	discovering	additional	points	of
overlap	and	need	and	letting	a	broader	group	know	that	you	have	come	up	with	a	new	solution	to	their
problem.	And	hopefully,	your	customers	will	develop	into	their	own	community	over	time.
  This	is	about	building	relationships.	You	will	be	doing	business	for	a	long	time,	and	it	is	much	easier	to
keep	a	customer	than	to	find	a	new	one.	Never	oversell.	Be	honest,	open,	and	always	kind.	Show	them
how	you	most	recently	improved	your	product.	Tell	them	a	recent	failing.	Don’t	sell	them	on	your	product,
educate	them	on	your	journey	and	learnings.
Long	before	you	get	to	the	bottom	of	the	list	of	people	you	already	know	or	could	know,	you’re	going	to	be
sending	a	lot	of	emails,	you’re	going	to	be	making	a	lot	of	calls,	and	you’re	going	to	be	knocking	on	a	lot
of	doors.	It’s	your	job	to	reach	out	to	friends,	family,	and	members	of	your	community	whom	you	may	not
have	seen	for	a	while.	Your	calls	are	a	chance	to	tell	them	what	you’re	up	to	and	ask	them	if	they’re
interested	in	becoming	customers.	Some	will	say	yes,	but	many	will	say	no.	Once	you’re	okay	with	the
nos,	you’re	ready	to	sell	to	strangers.
  In	the	early	days	(read:	years)	of	Gumroad,	we	scoured	the	web	for	people	who	could	benefit	from	a
product	 like	 Gumroad	 and	 then	 told	 them	 about	 it.	 Literally	 thousands	 of	 times.	 That’s	 the	 only	 way,
really,	when	you’re	young	and	no	one	cares	or	knows	who	you	are,	to	get	folks	to	use	your	product.
  Over	time,	you	can	get	away	with	doing	it	less	and	less.	But	until	you	have	a	lot	of	customers	or	some
other	force	that	can	supply	ongoing	momentum,	there’s	nothing	better	than	knocking	on	doors.	This	is	a
tried-and-true	technique	used	by	political	canvassers,	the	LDS	Church,	and	others	.	.	.
because	it	works!
Trust	me,	if	there	was	a	better	way,	people	would	have	found	it.
  Even	Katrina	Lake,	CEO	of	Stitchfix	and	one	of	Forbes’s	Richest	Self-Made	Women	in	2020,	started	out
with	cold	calls	and	cold	messages	on	LinkedIn	to	potential	investors.	“The	more	shameless	you	can	be,
the	thicker	skin	you	have,	the	better,”	she	says.	“People	are	going	to	not	write	back	and	people	are	going
to	say	no,	but	every	now	and	then	someone’s	gonna	be	interested	and	say	yes.	And	you	wouldn’t	have	had
that	chance	if	you	hadn’t	gotten	all	the	no’s	first.”	While	you	may	not	be	hitting	up	investors,	you	will	be
talking	to	people	over	and	over	again	who	will	say	no.	The	sooner	you	get	used	to	it,	the	sooner	you	stop
taking	it	personally	and	use	those	nos	as	a	learning	opportunity,	the	better.
  I	get	it.	It’s	awkward	and	uncomfortable	to	reach	out	to	people	you	don’t	necessarily	know	personally,
many	of	whom	will	ignore	or	reject	you.	My	sense	is	that	people	who	wish	to	reach	customers	some	other
way,	like	search	engine	optimization	(SEO)	or	content	marketing,	are	looking	for	an	out.	If	that’s	you:
Stop!	It	doesn’t	exist!	Just	hunker	down	and	dedicate	some	time	to	finding	people,	reaching	out	to	them
personally	 via	 email,	 phone,	 whatever,	 and	 being	 okay	 with	 it	 sucking	 for	 a	 while.	 You	 may	 find	 that
talking	about	your	process	and	your	product	and	the	path	you’ve	taken	to	get	there	is	far	less	difficult
than	you	think.	After	all,	this	is	your	work,	and	if	you’re	bringing	it	out	to	the	world,	you	should	be	excited
and	proud,	so	don’t	skip	this	chance	at	discovery.
  A	stellar	launch	doesn’t	change	this.	Fanfare	doesn’t	bring	real	customers,	as	Quibi	learned.	Consistent
growth	comes	after	a	long	period	of	time,	mostly	driven,	especially	at	the	beginning,	by	a	hardworking
sales	team—starting	with	you.
  If	you	need	help	getting	started,	here’s	an	example:
  Don’t	copy-paste.	Each	email	will	refine	your	ability	to	write	better	emails.	Done	right,	you’re	not	only
educating	customers,	but	educating	yourself	about	what	you	can	do	better.	It’s	a	learn-learn	situation.
  Manual	“sales”	will	be	99	percent	of	your	growth	in	the	early	days,	and	word	of	mouth	will	be	99
percent	of	your	growth	in	the	latter	days.	It’s	not	a	glamorous	answer,	but	it’s	true.	Things	like	paid
marketing,	SEO,	and	content	marketing	can	come	later,	once	you	have	a	hundred	customers,	once	you’re
profitable,	and	once	your	customers	are	referring	more	customers	to	you.	Only	then!
  The	best	news	of	all	is	that	once	you	have	a	hundred	customers,	you	can	use	the	same	playbook	to	get
to	a	thousand.	Once	you	have	a	thousand,	you	can	use	a	similar	playbook	to	get	to	ten	thousand.
  When	Slack	IPO’d	in	2020	at	a	valuation	of	$16	billion,	its	offering	documents	showed	that	575	of	their
customers	accounted	for	approximately	40	percent	of	their	revenue.	This	just	goes	to	show	that	you	need
far	fewer	customers	than	you	may	think.
  Big	network-focused	tech	companies	boast	dazzling	metrics,	but	their	actual	profits	(when	they	have
profits,	anyway)	come	from	a	very	tiny	portion	of	their	total	audience.	The	rest	of	us	might	do	better	to
ignore	the	lurkers	and	freeloaders	altogether	and	focus	on	core	customers.	Depending	on	the	nature	of
the	product	or	service,	anywhere	from	a	few	dozen	to	a	few	thousand	regular	customers	will	be	more
than	enough	to	keep	a	business	viable	long-term.
  Mailchimp	is	a	good	example	of	how	focusing	on	smaller,	reliable	customers	might	make	more	sense
than	swinging	for	the	fences.	Ben	Chestnut	and	Dan	Kurzius	first	started	a	web	design	agency	called	the
Rocket	 Science	 Group	 with	 a	 focus	 on	 big	 corporate	 clients,	 but	 at	 the	 same	 time	 they	 also	 built
Mailchimp,	 an	 email	 marketing	 service	 for	 small	 businesses.	 For	 about	 seven	 years	 they	 ran	 both
businesses,	until	they	closed	the	web	design	agency	in	2007	because	they	found	that	working	for	small
businesses	gave	them	the	freedom	to	be	more	creative	and	adapt	quickly	to	their	customers’	needs.
  Chestnut	and	Kurzius	have	a	universe	of	offerings,	but	Mailchimp’s	service	is	free	up	to	the	first	two
thousand	emails.	Once	customers	want	to	send	to	a	larger	list	or	need	extra	services,	their	plans	begin	at
$10	 per	 month	 and	 go	 up	 from	 there	 (see	 the	 earlier	 conversation	 on	 tiered	 pricing!).	 Even	 though
Mailchimp	could	broaden	its	reach	to	corporations	or	institutions,	the	company’s	customer	base	is	still
small	 businesses,	 and	 they’ve	 not	 strayed	 from	 their	 mission	 to	 build	 out	 features	 for	 their	 core
community.
  It	may	be	surprising,	but	it	is	not	a	coincidence.	Whether	you’re	just	starting	or	you’ve	been	in	business
for	years,	your	most	important	clients	are	your	community.	They	trust	you	because	you’ve	helped	them
grow	their	own	businesses.	It’s	not	happenstance	that	they’re	ready	to	support	you	when	you	have	your
own.
  This	 isn’t	 just	 about	 huge	 SaaS	 businesses	 either.	 It	 applies	 to	 smaller	 businesses	 too.	 Across	 the
spectrum	of	minimalist	entrepreneurs,	I	see	a	common	pattern:	manual	sales,	finding	your	community,
talking	about	your	journey,	highlighting	your	customers,	and	getting	authentic	coverage.	If	you	started
with	community,	and	you	continue	to	pay	attention	and	solve	the	persistent	problems	your	community
has,	then	those	first	customers	can	take	you	very	far.
  Growth-at-all-costs	is	all	about	selling	to	strangers	so	that	you	can	scale,	but	profitability-at-all-costs
means	you	don’t	need	to	depend	on	strangers	to	keep	your	business	afloat.	Instead,	you	can	rely	on	your
existing	customers	from	your	communities	and	eventually	from	your	audience.	They’ll	spread	the	word	as
they	feel	comfortable	doing	so,	and	that’s	how	you’ll	grow.	The	math	looks	different	for	everybody,	but	the
goal	is	the	same:	financial	independence.	When	I	did	it	for	myself,	I	needed	about	$2,000	a	month	to
maintain	my	lifestyle.
  If	your	product	costs	$10	a	month,	like	Gumroad’s,	you	need	two	hundred	customers.	That	doesn’t
seem	so	bad.	There	are	about	260	business	days	a	year,	so	you’d	get	there	in	less	than	a	year	if	you
acquired	one	customer	every	business	day.
  Daniel	Vassallo	tweeted	recently:
  That	doesn’t	sound	so	hard,	does	it?	You	may	already	be	selling	a	product	for	someone	else	for	your	day
job.	Sell	your	own!
Jaime	 Schmidt	 never	 launched	 Schmidt’s	 Naturals,	 a	 natural	 deodorant	 brand	 she	 founded	 in	 2010.
Instead,	she	celebrated	small	milestones	along	the	way	before	eventually	selling	her	company	for	more
than	$100	million	in	2017	to	Unilever.
  When	Jaime	was	pregnant	with	her	son,	she	started	a	deep	dive	into	the	world	of	natural	personal	care
products	after	taking	a	class	in	DIY	shampoo.	While	there	were	hundreds	of	recipes	available	for	soaps
and	 lotions,	 there	 were	 few,	 if	 any,	 recipes	 for	 deodorants	 even	 though	 many	 people	 were	 concerned
about	ingredients	in	traditional	formulations.	Jaime	had	tried	all	of	the	natural	deodorants	but	had	found
that	none	of	them	worked	for	her,	so	she	decided	to	make	one	herself.	She	experimented	for	months	until
she	found	an	effective	formulation	and	landed	on	a	scent,	cedarwood,	that	she	loved.	Six	months	after	the
shampoo	class,	she	had	a	product	line	of	lotions	and	deodorant,	and	she	was	ready	to	sell	to	her	first
customers.
  She	 set	 up	 a	 simple	 website	 and	 a	 Facebook	 page	 for	 her	 business	 where	 she	 posted	 articles	 and
recipes.	In	the	first	few	months,	she	sold	her	products	on	consignment	at	two	small	local	goods	stores	in
Portland	and	on	her	own	at	a	few	street	fairs	and	farmer’s	markets	around	the	city.	People	stopped	at	her
booth	to	try	the	deodorant	and	lotions,	and	she	found	a	rhythm	to	her	conversations	with	prospective
customers:	asking	them	about	the	products	they	used;	talking	about	her	products	and	how	she	had	tested
them;	and	convincing	people	that	her	natural	deodorant	actually	worked.
  The	following	year,	she	decided	to	go	all-in	on	her	idea.	She	took	two	part-time	positions	with	stores
that	sold	Schmidt’s,	a	decision	that	served	a	dual	purpose.	First,	interacting	with	the	clientele	gave	her	a
chance	to	gather	customer	insights	about	her	own	products	and	learn	about	the	inner	workings	of	retail.
But	just	as	important,	the	income	from	those	gigs	served	as	the	seed	money	to	get	Schmidt’s	off	the
ground.	The	in-store	customers	as	well	as	the	people	she	continued	to	meet	at	festivals	and	fairs	were
most	enthusiastic	about	the	deodorant	she	made;	many	times,	they	returned	to	tell	her	how	well	it	worked
and	to	buy	more.	She	says,	“Early	customer	feedback	allowed	me	to	perfect	my	formula,	determine	future
scents,	and	recognize	where	I	was	making	the	most	impact.”	And	once	she	had	refined	her	deodorant,
“customers	gave	me	validation	that	my	product	worked	astonishingly	well,	and	they	spread	the	word.”
  Schmidt	started	2012	with	new,	modern	packaging	for	the	deodorant,	which	was	designed	to	set	it
apart	from	the	competition.	She	looked	beyond	the	direct-to-consumer	sales	channels	and	the	natural	and
wellness	retailers	that	her	competitors	used	almost	exclusively;	in	2015,	she	expanded	into	traditional
grocery	stores	and	pharmacies,	which	allowed	her	to	reach	more	customers	and	to	enable	greater	access
to	healthy	natural	products.
  Her	creativity,	innovation,	and	hard	work	paid	off.	Schmidt	earned	appearances	on	Fox	News	and	The
Today	Show;	mentions	on	social	media	from	celebrities	and	influencers;	articles	in	national	publications;
and	distribution	on	the	shelves	of	Target	and	Walmart.	Though	it	was	bittersweet,	Jaime	realized	that	a
larger	company	with	more	resources	could	bring	her	vision	and	mission	to	an	even	wider	customer	base,
and	she	signed	the	deal	with	Unilever	right	before	Christmas	2017.
  Reflecting	on	her	journey,	she	says,	“When	I’m	asked	about	what	made	Schmidt’s	so	successful,	I	often
say	that	my	customers	were	my	business	plan.	It	started	when	I	listened	to	those	at	the	farmer’s	market,
and	it	continued	through	each	step	of	growth.	Staying	hyper-tuned-in	to	my	customers	always	guided	and
served	me.”	Not	sales.	Not	marketing.	Customers,	educating,	and	being	educated.
A	launch	is	a	stepping-stone.	A	thing	that	happens	when	your	business	already	has	customers,	is	doing
well,	and	is	going	to	last.	Many	companies	go	out	of	business	within	the	first	year.	Why	make	a	big	deal
out	of	a	business	before	you’re	sure	it’ll	stick	around?	Instead,	build	a	successful	business	and	“launch”
as	a	celebration	of	your	success.	Spend	your	business’s	profits	on	it,	not	your	own	money.
  Better	 yet,	 celebrate	 your	 customers’	 success.	 I	 think	 celebrating	 a	 milestone	 is	 a	 great	 excuse	 to
launch.	What	about	having	successfully	sold	to	a	hundred	customers?	Once	you’re	running	a	growing,
profitable	business	with	a	hundred	customers	who	love	you	and	whom	you	care	about,	you	can	celebrate
them—by	launching.	Throw	a	party.	Invite	all	of	your	customers	and	thank	them	for	their	ongoing	support.
  Do	that,	and	you’ll	have	customers	lining	up	at	your	door.	They’ll	be	people	you	already	know,	and	who
know	you.	Some	of	them	will	bring	their	own	friends	and	families	and	maybe	even	members	of	their	own
communities	too.	They	may	even	help	promote	your	event	before	it	happens	because	you’ve	told	them
about	it	and	they’re	excited	about	supporting	you.	Plus,	they	can	actually	speak	to	others	about	how	great
your	 product	 is	 and	 how	 much	 better	 it	 has	 made	 their	 life.	 Your	 customers	 may	 be	 even	 better
salespeople	than	you	are.	Good—there’s	more	of	them	than	there	are	of	you!
  Or	perhaps	you	decide	you	don’t	need	to	launch	at	all.	That’s	fine	too.	But	entrepreneurship	can	be
lonely,	and	it	can	be	a	good	excuse	to	rally—and	reward—your	community	for	helping	you	get	this	far.
  Once	you	have	a	hundred	customers,	some	of	them	now	repeat	customers,	selling	your	product	better
than	you	can,	you’re	ready	to	move	on	to	the	next	chapter	of	your	business:	marketing.
Read	Predictably	Irrational,	a	book	on	human	psychology	and	pricing,	by	Dan	Ariely.
Read	How	to	Win	Friends	and	Influence	People,	by	Dale	Carnegie,	the	best	book	I’ve	ever	read	on
“sales.”
Read	about	how	important	cold	email–based	sales	were	in	Gumroad’s	early	growth	in	this	interview	I
did	with	Indie	Hackers:	www.indiehackers.com/interview/i-started-gumroad-as-a-weekend-project-and-
now-it-s-making-350k-mo-4fc6cbc0e8.
Marketing	is	really	just	about	sharing	your	passion.
                           — MICHAEL HYATT
Congratulations!	You	have	community,	a	product,	and	a	hundred	customers.	That	means	you’ve	arrived	at
product-market	fit,	which	I	define	more	specifically	for	minimalist	businesses	this	way:	repeat	customers.
Repeat	customers	mean	that	your	business	is	able	to	persist	without	ongoing	sales	efforts	so	you	can	start
to	focus	on	scaling.	First	comes	scaling	your	customer	acquisition	and	sales	strategy,	then	your	company,
then	your	ambition.
  So	where	does	marketing	fit	in?
  Marketing	is	sales	at	scale.	Remember	that	before	we	built	a	minimum	viable	product,	we	had	a	manual
valuable	process.	And	before	you	can	have	marketing,	you	need	to	sell	to	your	first	hundred	customers;
that’s	because	sales	is	the	process	upon	which	you	build	marketing.	While	sales	is	outbound	and	one-by-
one,	marketing	is	inbound	and	about	attracting	hundreds	of	potential	customers	at	a	time.	Sales	got	you
to	one	hundred	customers.	Marketing	will	get	you	to	thousands.
  But	 do	 not	 confuse	 marketing	 with	 advertising.	 Ads	 cost	 money,	 and	 minimalist	 entrepreneurs	 only
spend	money	when	we	absolutely	have	to.	We	do	cover	ads	later	in	this	chapter,	because	they	are	a	part
of	marketing,	but	in	true	minimalist	fashion,	we’ll	start	with	the	free	stuff.	Because	it’s	only	once	you’ve
learned	enough	from	sales—like	you	did	with	the	manual	process	for	your	product—that	you’re	ready	to
spend	money	on	marketing.
  It’s	much	better	to	start	by	spending	time	instead	of	money.	Blog	posts	are	free.	Twitter,	Instagram,
YouTube,	 and	 Clubhouse	 are	 free	 too.	 Instead	 of	 spending	 money,	 let’s	 start	 there,	 by	 building	 an
audience.
You	 started	 your	 business	 by	 tapping	 into	 a	 preexisting	 community,	 and	 now	 it’s	 time	 to	 move	 on	 to
building	an	audience.	What’s	the	difference?
  While	 your	 community	 is	 a	 part	 of	 your	 audience,	 your	 audience	 is	 not	 a	 part	 of	 your	 community.
Instead,	an	audience	is	a	network	of	everyone	you	can	reach	when	you	have	something	to	say.
  That	may	include	your	followers	on	each	social	media	platform,	your	business’s	followers,	your	email
newsletter	subscribers,	the	people	who	walk	by	your	retail	store	window	every	day,	and	more.	If	you
needed	to	tell	as	many	people	as	possible	that	the	world	was	ending	in	an	hour,	how	many	people	would
you	be	able	to	tell?	That’s	your	audience.
  Selling	allows	you	to	test	the	waters	with	these	new	people	because	it	forces	you	to	leave	your	bubble
and	 convince	 them	 one	 by	 one,	 improving	 your	 product	 along	 the	 way.	 Marketing	 is	 harder,	 because
instead	of	going	to	your	customers,	you	have	to	make	them	leave	their	bubbles	and	come	to	you.	People
have	lives	and	things	to	do,	and	using	your	product	today	is	unlikely	to	make	an	appearance	on	their
priority	lists.
  But	if	you	can	figure	out	how	to	bring	customers	to	you,	you’ll	have	a	much	easier	time	scaling	your
business	on	all	fronts.	Hiring	becomes	easier,	sales	becomes	easier,	growth	becomes	easier.	Everything
about	building	a	business	becomes	easier	when	you	have	a	group	of	people	rooting	for	your	success	that
grows	larger	by	the	day.
  In	 the	 last	 chapter,	 I	 talked	 about	 selling	 to	 your	 first	 customers,	 a.k.a.
your	 friends,	 family,	 and
community,	and	in	this	chapter,	we’ll	talk	about	what	to	do	when	you’ve	reached	out	to	everyone	you
already	know.	I’m	not	a	big	fan	of	selling	to	strangers,	but	I	am	a	big	fan	of	bringing	strangers	into	your
audience	and	eventually	turning	them	into	customers.
  People	do	not	go	from	being	strangers	to	being	customers	in	one	step.	They	go	from	being	strangers	to
being	vaguely	aware	of	your	existence	to	slowly	over	time	becoming	fans,	and	finally	to	being	customers
and	then	repeat	customers	who	help	you	spread	the	word.
  Start	with	making	fans.
Think	about	a	company	you	like.	Can	you	name	the	founders?	Can	you	imagine	what	their	office	looks
like?	Can	you	hear	their	voices	in	your	head?	I’d	bet	that	for	many	companies,	the	answer	is	yes.
  Why	are	you	able	to	do	this?	Because	you’ve	read	articles	about	them	and	follow	them	on	social	media.
You	are	much	more	likely	to	buy	their	products,	if	you	haven’t	already.
  Unfortunately,	most	founders	are	not	comfortable	putting	themselves	at	the	center	of	their	company’s
story.	But	you	need	to.	People	don’t	care	about	companies,	they	care	about	other	people.	And	you’ve	built
something	from	nothing.	You	love	what	you	do.	You	don’t	need	to	share	what	you	ate	for	lunch,	but	you
should	take	your	hard-earned	learnings	and	share	them	with	the	world.
  I’ve	seen	that	no	matter	how	successful	they	are,	many	founders	still	suffer	from	imposter	syndrome.
There’s	so	much	you	don’t	know,	and	so	many	people	more	knowledgeable	than	you.	There	are	bigger
businesses	than	yours	with	more	revenue,	more	employees,	and	more	accolades.
  That	 will	 always	 be	 true,	 and	 it	 doesn’t	 matter.	 You	 have	 something	 to	 offer.	 And	 your	 existing
customers	care.	They	are	paying	you	for	your	work,	they’re	interested	in	how	you	think,	and	they	want	to
know	why	you	made	certain	decisions	and	how	your	product	came	to	be.	As	you	grow	and	iterate,	your
product	will	improve.	You	will	garner	more	credibility	and	trust.	And	you	will	have	learned	so	much	that
could	benefit	others.	When	you	were	engaging	with	your	community	and	selling	to	your	first	one	hundred
customers,	you	were	already	doing	this.	You	were	personally	connecting,	with	people,	telling	them	your
story,	and	listening	to	theirs.
  Building	an	audience,	the	first	step	toward	making	fans,	is	having	these	conversations	at	scale.
The	journey	of	each	customer	will	be	different,	but	it	always	starts	with	someone	having	no	idea	who	you
are	or	what	you’re	selling.	Eventually,	they	will	encounter	your	product	somewhere	in	their	Instagram
feed	or	in	a	forum	post	or	in	a	tweet	a	friend	shares.	They	will	almost	definitely	forget	about	it.	One	day,
even	though	they’ll	forget	who	posted	it,	they	may	“like”	it.	They	may	engage	a	few	times.
  Eventually,	they	will	get	interested—not	in	your	product,	but	in	what	you	or	your	business	has	to	say.
They’ll	hit	that	big	“follow”	button.	Maybe	they’ll	click	through	to	your	website	and	check	it	out.	If	they
like	what	you	think,	what	you	say,	and	how	you	say	it,	they	may	like	what	you’ve	built	too.
  Most	people	will	not	be	a	fit	for	your	business.	That’s	okay.	Your	audience	will	grow	much	larger	than
your	customer	base—but	your	customer	base	is	a	subset,	likely	the	most	passionate,	of	your	audience.
  If	they	are	a	fit,	they’ll	start	to	consider	your	product.	Then	signal	their	intent	by	signing	up	for	an
account,	let’s	say,	and	then	evaluating	your	functionality,	pricing,	and	more.	One	day	they’ll	purchase.
  While	you	may	be	tempted	to	cut	as	many	steps	out	of	this	funnel	as	possible,	you	may	also	want	to	add
steps	to	it,	like	a	free	trial.	But	you	can’t	shorten	this	process,	no	matter	how	much	you’d	like	to.	Every
customer	will	engage,	follow,	research,	consider,	and	finally	buy	(and	hopefully	buy	again!).
There	are	eight	billion	strangers	out	there	to	have	conversations	with.	Where	do	you	begin?	Start	with
the	communities	that	your	existing	customers	belong	to,	other	than	yours,	and	move	outward	from	there.
Marketing	is	second-degree	sales,	so	your	existing	customers	should	already	be	spreading	the	word	about
your	product.	Ideally	they’re	doing	it	because	it	makes	their	experience	better.	Your	customers	may	go	on
first	dates	at	your	ice	cream	store,	for	example.
  You	can	also	incentivize	this	behavior.	If	you’re	an	ice	cream	store,	you	may	offer	a	free	waffle	cone	to
anyone	who	posts	a	story	to	their	Instagram.
  The	analog	world	has	the	concept	of	“foot	traffic.”	Real	estate	agents	will	tell	you	again	and	again,
“Location,	location,	location.”	Location	matters,	because	people	are	going	about	their	day	in	the	physical
world,	and	if	you	happen	to	be	where	they	are,	literally,	you	may	make	a	new	sale	you	wouldn’t	have
made	otherwise.
  Social	media	is	not	so	different.	Instead	of	Main	Street,	there’s	the	Instagram	“Explore”	tab.	Instead	of
Martin	Luther	King	Boulevard,	it’s	the	Twitter	algorithm	throwing	new	things	you	may	appreciate	(or	be
outraged	by)	into	your	feed.
  These	algorithms	work	by	judging	the	theoretical	“quality”	of	your	content.	The	secret	sauce	is	unique
to	each	platform,	but	it	is	typically	judged	by	what	is	going	to	lead	to	continued	engagement	by	the	end
user.	In	general,	this	means	that	your	content	should	lead	to	likes,	shares,	comments,	and	other	forms	of
positive	affirmation	on	the	part	of	the	consumer	on	the	other	side	of	the	screen.
  Location	does	still	matter	for	digital	products,	just	not	in	the	same	way	that	it	does	for	the	ice	cream
store.	Just	like	you	may	choose	a	different	mall	for	your	storefront	based	on	your	kind	of	customer,	your
audience	will	live	in	different	places	online.
  Twitter,	 to	 use	 one	 example,	 was	 a	 great	 place	 to	 start	 for	 Gumroad,	 because	 of	 the	 “retweet”
functionality.	It	allowed	our	creators	to	share	our	tweets	with	their	audiences.	I’ve	seen	folks	go	from	a
few	hundred	followers	to	thousands	because	a	single	popular	account	retweeted	their	idea.	And	because
it’s	often	much	easier	to	tweet	than	to	produce	the	images,	video,	or	audio	necessary	to	post	on	other
social	networks,	you	can	train	yourself	via	a	very	quick	feedback	loop.
  But	it	depends.	Instagram	may	be	the	perfect	platform	for	your	business.	Or	YouTube,	or	Reddit,	or
Pinterest.	Try	them	all.	The	good	news	is	it’s	much	cheaper	and	easier	to	try	a	new	platform	than	to	move
your	store	to	a	new	zip	code.	The	world	is	in	flux,	and	new	platforms	are	constantly	spinning	up.	You	may
find	more	success	on	TikTok,	Clubhouse,	Dispo,	or	something	new	that	doesn’t	yet	exist.	The	important
thing	is	to	start.	Eventually	you’ll	find	the	platform	that	will	let	you	advertise	your	business	by	being	you.
    Create	an	account.	One	is	your	personal	account	(you,	the	human)	and	one	is	your	business	account
    (you,	the	business).
      My	 accounts	 are	 my	 own	 (@shl)	 and	 Gumroad’s	 (@gumroad).	 My	 personal	 account’s	 goal	 is	 to
    encourage	more	people	to	start	businesses.	If	you’re	reading	this	book,	that’s	probably	not	surprising
    to	you.	Gumroad’s	goal	is	to	inspire	people	to	become	creators,	on	Gumroad	or	otherwise.	There’s	a
    subtle	 difference—creators	 and	 business	 owners	 are	 separate	 identities,	 but	 the	 fundamental
    questions	are	the	same:	Who	is	your	audience,	what	do	they	want	out	of	their	life,	and	how	can	you
    help	them	achieve	their	goals?
      Too	many	people	think	their	business	account	is	enough.	No,	it’s	not.	People	don’t	care	about	your
    business	and	its	success,	they	care	about	you	and	your	struggles.
    Don’t	share	what	you	ate	for	lunch.	Status	updates	about	your	life	and	your	business	are	fine,	but
    they	won’t	grow	your	audience.	The	days	of	discussing	meals	on	social	media	are	over,	even	on	your
    personal	account.	Your	goal	now	is	to	expand	your	reach	and	to	provide	the	most	value	to	strangers
    who	find	you	on	the	internet.
    Be	authentic.	Social	media	is	about	ideas,	not	people.	Be	yourself,	but	focus	on	acting	out	a	set	of
    core	values.	What	did	you	learn?	What	conversation	did	you	have?	Your	job	here	is	to	give,	not	ask.
    Remember:	This	is	not	about	selling.
      Your	business	account	should	be	similar	to	your	personal	one,	because	they’re	both	you,	and	both
    should	be	about	ideas	so	that	you’re	constantly	giving	value	out	for	free.	It	may	feel	weird	that	you’re
    not	talking	about	a	new	customer	case	study	or	a	new	feature	you’ve	launched.	You	can	do	that	too,
    occasionally.	 But	 the	 truth	 is,	 your	 audience	 doesn’t	 care.	 They	 want	 to	 lose	 weight,	 laugh,	 be
    entertained,	get	smarter,	spend	time	with	loved	ones,	go	home	on	time,	sleep	adequately,	eat	good
    food,	be	happy.	Help	them	do	that.
    Build	in	public.	In	chapter	2,	I	talked	about	community	and	sharing	what	you	were	learning	in	the
    process	of	becoming	part	of	a	like-minded	group	of	people	who	share	the	same	interests.	Now	it’s	time
    to	take	that	a	bit	further	on	behalf	of	your	business.	Not	only	should	you	share	what	you	learn	to
    maintain	your	ties	to	your	community,	but	you	should	also	be	building	your	business	in	public	and
    sharing	that	process	with	your	customers.
      You	don’t	have	to	be	a	genius	or	pretend	to	be	a	genius,	you	just	need	to	be	a	step	ahead	of	your
    audience	in	at	least	one	thing.
    Trust	the	feedback	loop.	Start	sharing,	and	you	will	soon	find	out	what	works	and	what	doesn’t.	The
    brilliance	of	social	media	is	the	instant	response	(or	lack	of	response)	you	get	from	your	followers.	As
    your	audience	grows,	you	will	collect	more	data	so	that	every	day	you	can	look	back	at	what	worked,
    what	didn’t	work,	and	examine	why.	“Working”	means	something	different	for	every	business,	but
    eventually	your	efforts	should	be	quantifiable,	objective,	and	should	contribute	in	some	way	to	your
    bottom	line.
  Just	like	your	product,	the	stuff	you	share	on	social	media	is	only	as	good	as	the	experiences	it	enables
people	to	have.	This	goes	for	Facebook,	Instagram,	YouTube,	Reddit,	Pinterest,	and	every	other	platform
that	connects	like-minded	people	to	each	other.	There	are	subtle	differences,	but	you’ll	figure	them	out
quickly	as	you	go.
  Soon,	you’ll	be	able	to	predict	how	something	will	land	before	you	even	say	it.	But	since	I’ve	already
gone	through	that,	I’m	here	to	help	you	out.	I’ve	learned	that	there	are	three	levels	to	the	type	of	content
people	share,	each	one	with	more	potential	reach	than	the	last.
It	may	be	tempting	to	skip	straight	to	the	most	“effective”	type	of	content,	but	just	like	working	out,	you
should	walk	before	you	run	a	5K,	and	run	a	5K	before	you	run	a	marathon.	Your	body	needs	time	to	adapt,
as	does	your	mind.	And	most	important,	your	audience	does	too.
  Make	your	mistakes	when	few	people	are	watching.	The	corollary	of	succeeding	in	public	is	failing	in
public,	so	you	want	the	confidence	and	security	of	success	at	smaller	scales	before	you	move	up	the
ladder.
Few	 make	 the	 transition	 from	 being	 themselves	 to	 being	 teachers,	 but	 those	 who	 do	 build	 audiences
quickly,	because	people	spend	much	of	their	time	on	social	media	in	search	of	a	better	way	to	live,	learn,
and	make	money.	This	is	how	you	start	growing	your	audience	beyond	the	people	who	already	know	you.
You	do	it	by	providing	value	for	free,	asking	for	nothing	in	return,	repeatedly.	It’s	a	natural	continuation	of
what	you	were	doing	in	your	community,	only	now	you’re	doing	it	with	a	wider	group	of	people.	If	you
have	a	hundred	customers,	there	are	at	least	a	hundred	things	you	have	learned.	Start	by	sharing	those.
  Your	 existing	 audience	 will	 engage	 with	 these	 ideas,	 broadcasting	 the	 very	 best	 ones	 to	 their	 own
audiences,	and	yours	will	grow	as	a	result.	You	will	do	this	every	day,	because	it’s	part	of	your	job	and
because	you’re	already	online	all	day	anyway.
  Of	course,	this	is	not	all	you’re	doing.	You’re	still	building	a	company.	Building	a	social	media	presence
is	a	lagging	indicator	of	the	success	of	your	company,	and	it	should	always	be	secondary	to	it.
  In	2008,	Jenny	and	Ron	Doan	lost	most	of	their	savings	in	the	financial	crisis.	Their	kids,	Al	and	Sarah,
came	up	with	a	plan	to	help	get	their	parents	back	on	their	feet.	They	bought	a	computerized	quilting
machine	to	set	up	their	mom,	an	avid	quilter,	in	a	small	space	in	their	hometown	of	Hamilton,	Missouri.	Al
and	Sarah	hoped	that	given	the	demand	and	the	long	lead	time	for	machine	quilting,	Jenny	could	take	in
other	people’s	projects	and	finish	them.	If	she	could	earn	$10,000	per	month,	they	figured,	she	could	not
only	make	a	living,	but	could	also	rebuild	the	family’s	savings.
  Business	was	so	bad	that	their	idea	seemed	dead	on	arrival.	Al,	who	had	already	built	several	internet
businesses,	started	looking	around	for	a	way	to	let	people	know	about	his	mom	even	though	he	had	no
idea	where	quilters	hung	out	on	the	web.	What	he	discovered	was	that	the	internet	had	not	yet	touched
quilting,	and	that	most	quilters	closely	guarded	their	techniques	and	designs	in	a	way	that	kept	people,
especially	beginners,	out	rather	than	inviting	them	in	to	learn,	sew,	and	create.
  Al	persuaded	Jenny	to	make	ten	YouTube	tutorials	in	which	she	taught	quilting	techniques,	and,	well,
the	rest	is	history.	Jenny’s	more	than	five	hundred	videos	have	been	viewed	millions	of	times,	and	in	2020,
Missouri	 Star	 Quilt	 Company	 shipped	 more	 than	 one	 million	 orders.	 Hamilton	 has	 become	 “the
Disneyland	of	Quilting,”	and	the	once-decaying	small	town	hosts	more	than	a	hundred	thousand	people
every	 year	 who	 come	 to	 visit	 Missouri	 Star’s	 sixteen	 quilt	 shops,	 their	 restaurants,	 and	 their	 retreat
center.	All	of	that	grew	from	ten	YouTube	videos.
  If	you’re	thinking,	“I	don’t	know	where	to	start,”	or	“Five	hundred	videos!?!,”	remind	yourself	that
you’ve	been	practicing	these	skills	for	a	while	now.	Remember	how	you	participated	in	your	community	by
commenting,	contributing,	and	creating?	You’re	basically	doing	that	here	at	scale.	It	doesn’t	have	to	be
polished,	it	doesn’t	have	to	be	produced,	it	doesn’t	have	to	be	perfect.	The	most	important	thing	is	to	set
aside	a	dedicated	amount	of	time	every	day	and	to	begin.
Education	is	a	great	way	to	get	started,	but	to	grow	outside	of	your	“students,”	you	need	to	go	beyond
teaching.	There	are	only	so	many	people	who	are	interested	in	learning	physics,	but	Richard	Feynman	is
much	better	known	than	any	physics	teacher	would	otherwise	be	because	he	talked	about	something
grander	than	that.	He	took	his	insights	from	physics	and	turned	them	into	insights	about	life.	Technically
his	work	falls	into	the	category	of	philosophy.
  At	some	point,	he	started	motivating	people,	inspiring	them	to	lead	better	lives.	As	physics	became	a
subset	of	what	he	was	teaching,	his	physics	students	became	a	subset	of	his	new	audience;	far	more
people	want	to	live	better	lives	than	want	to	learn	physics.
  How	can	you	motivate	and	inspire?	You	can	apply	your	learnings	from	painting,	writing,	designing,
software	engineering,	or	physics	to	life	and	share	them	with	a	wider	audience.	You	can	document	your
projects	and	your	progress:	where	you	started	and	where	you	are	today.	If	you’re	in	the	supplements
business,	for	example,	a	weight	loss	journey	will	gain	far	more	traction	than	an	information	video.
  Gimlet	Media,	a	narrative	podcasting	company	acquired	by	Spotify	in	2019,	launched	its	first	podcast,
StartUp,	about	its	own	humble	beginnings.	In	the	first	season,	founders	Alex	Blumberg	and	Matt	Lieber
tell	the	story	of	building	their	business,	including	one	infamous	episode	in	which	Alex	awkwardly	and
disastrously	pitches	venture	investor	Chris	Sacca,	who	then	shows	him	what	his	pitch	should	have	been.
Founder	fights?	Check.	Burnout?	Check.	Family	drama?	Check.	StartUp	reveals	some	of	the	moments
every	founder	faces	but	few	like	to	discuss.	The	result?	Millions	of	downloads.
  Did	the	founders	set	out	to	inspire?	Not	necessarily.	But	by	sharing	their	struggles	and	their	successes,
they	showed	others	what	was	possible	and	made	fans,	not	just	customers.	You	can	do	the	same.	Don’t	just
teach.	Speak	from	experience,	tell	the	truth,	and	the	inspiration	will	happen.
This	third	level	is	the	most	important,	because	it	makes	you	relevant	to	a	vastly	larger	group	of	potential
customers—almost	everyone.	But	it	is	also	the	hardest	to	achieve.
  Teaching	is	hard,	inspiring	is	hard,	entertaining	is	hard.	Now	try	doing	them	all	at	the	same	time.	Why?
Think	about	how	you	spend	your	time.	Do	you	spend	it	watching	movies	and	TV	shows	and	stand-up
comedy	specials,	or—let’s	be	honest—reading	books	like	this	one?
  And	even	if	you	do	read	books	like	this,	how	often	do	you	talk	to	your	friends	and	family	about	them?
It’s	more	likely	that	you	spend	time	discussing	the	last	basketball	game	you	watched,	or	the	last	political
scandal,	or	the	upcoming	Hollywood	blockbuster.
  When	push	comes	to	shove,	entertainment	wins.
  Social	media	is	no	different.	Every	platform	has	a	feed	that	puts	all	of	the	content	head-to-head.	There’s
one	feed,	for	everything.	If	content	is	king,	entertainment	is	the	king	of	content.
  You	don’t	have	to	do	something	completely	different.	Keep	educating	people,	and	inspiring	people,	but
have	more	fun	doing	it.	You	are	still	trying	to	teach	people,	but	you	want	to	do	so	in	a	way	that	sticks	with
them—and	that	happens	when	you	make	it	entertaining.
  Think	about	the	three	parts	of	a	joke:	(1)	Say	something,	(2)	establish	a	pattern,	and	(3)	break	the
pattern	with	a	punch	line.
  Here’s	one	example	that	worked	well	for	me.	I	often	talk	about	entrepreneurship	(big	surprise!),	but
this	tweet	resonated	and	went	viral	.	.	.
because	it’s	funny:
  You	will	fail	at	this,	as	I	certainly	have.	Telling	jokes	is	hard.	And	because	it’s	the	most	subjective	of	the
three,	it	will	be	harder	to	figure	out	why	some	things	work	while	others	don’t.	But	that’s	exactly	what
building	a	brand	is—the	murky,	“soft”	stuff	that	isn’t	directly	about	the	value	you	are	creating	for	your
customer.
  Think	about	your	favorite	brands	and	how	they	communicate.	Nike	isn’t	selling	shoes,	and	Apple	isn’t
selling	computers.	They	go	straight	for	the	heart,	or	the	funny	bone,	and	you	should	too.
  But	never	forget:	While	social	media	is	sexy	and	often	leads	to	having	millions	of	followers,	it	is	not	the
end-all	 and	 be-all	 of	 your	 business.	 I’ve	 seen	 creators	 with	 tens	 of	 millions	 of	 followers	 fumble,	 and
creators	with	just	a	few	dozen	earn	a	living	multiple	times	over.
  That’s	because	social	media	is	the	top	of	the	funnel.	It’s	mostly	strangers.	Most	of	them	are	not	fans
yet,	and	almost	none	of	them	are	customers.
  You	still	need	to	convert	them,	and	to	do	that,	you	need	to	get	them	to	commit.
Don’t	call	it	a	comeback.	Email’s	been	here	since	the	very	beginning	of	the	internet.	And	it’ll	probably	be
here	until	its	end.
  Twitter,	YouTube,	Instagram,	and	Facebook	can	take	away	your	business	at	any	time,	by	tweaking	the
algorithms,	shutting	down	your	account,	or	making	you	pay	to	show	up	in	people’s	feeds.	So	even	though
social	media	can	be	incredibly	effective	for	gaining	distribution,	you	are	building	on	rented	land.
  That’s	why,	as	soon	as	you	have	social	media	followers,	you	should	start	building	an	email	list.
  Email	is	“peer-to-peer.”	It	gives	you	a	direct	line	to	your	customers	that	isn’t	controlled	by	a	private
company,	an	algorithm,	or	whether	you	spend	money	on	advertising.	And	if	you	have	someone’s	email
address,	it	means	they	consider	you	a	friend,	not	a	stranger.
  Of	course,	you	don’t	spam	your	friends,	so	you	shouldn’t	spam	these	people	either.	Apply	the	same
three-level	framework	to	emails	as	you	do	to	any	other	type	of	content.	First,	educate.	Second,	inspire.
Third,	entertain.	Ideally,	you’ll	do	all	three.
  Just	like	you	built	a	process	before	you	built	a	product,	the	earliest	version	of	your	email	list	may	just	be
a	spreadsheet	that	you	update	daily	or	weekly	with	the	email	addresses	of	your	friends	and	family,	your
earliest	 customers,	 and	 the	 people	 in	 your	 community	 who	 have	 shown	 interest	 in	 your	 product.
Eventually,	you	will	want	to	automate	parts	of	this	process	as	your	list	grows	and	you	have	better	uses	for
your	time,	like	growing	the	list	itself	through	sales,	social	media,	and	content.
  To	do	that,	you	can	use	an	email	marketing	service	like	Mailchimp	or	ConvertKit	to	collect	emails	from
your	most	devout	fans.	To	sweeten	the	deal,	give	them	something	in	exchange	for	their	email,	like	a	mini
ebook,	a	short	PDF	guide,	a	video,	a	series	of	emails	that	help	them	solve	a	problem,	or	a	checklist	to
complete.
  While	you	probably	won’t	have	millions	of	email	subscribers,	each	subscriber	is	worth	far	more	than	a
follower.	Besides	the	product	itself,	Gumroad’s	email	list	is	probably	our	most	valuable	business	asset.
More	than	200,000	creators	subscribe	to	the	Gumroad	newsletter.	When	we	have	something	important	to
say—such	as	a	new	feature	that	will	make	our	creators	more	money—we	can	tell	all	of	them	about	it,
without	anyone	else’s	permission.
  (While	we’re	here,	subscribe	to	it:	gumroad.com/gumroad	/follow.)
  Over	the	years,	they’ve	heard	from	us	dozens	of	times,	and	they	will	continue	to,	until	unsubscribe	do
us	part.
  You	can	encourage	people	to	subscribe	to	your	list	in	other	ways	too.	In	the	previous	section,	we	went
in-depth	on	how	to	use	social	media.	The	next	time	you	have	a	viral	tweet,	you	can	reply	to	it	with	a	link
to	sign	up	to	your	newsletter.	When	you	have	something	longer	to	say,	write	a	blog	post	and	link	to	that.
At	the	bottom,	let	people	know	they	can	subscribe	for	further	content.	Go	read	your	favorite	blogger,	and
I	bet	you’ll	notice	a	form	at	the	very	end,	with	a	free	goodie	on	offer,	often	called	a	“lead	magnet.”
  Finally,	 when	 you	 make	 a	 sale,	 virtually	 every	 service	 will	 allow	 you	 to	 ask	 for	 and	 collect	 your
customer’s	email	addresses,	along	with	any	other	information	you	may	want	to	ask	for	(such	as	their	first
name,	or	the	city	they	live	in).
  Too	many	creators—trained	by	Amazon,	perhaps,	which	doesn’t	give	you	any	data	on	your	customer—
think	of	a	sale	as	the	end	of	a	transaction,	instead	of	the	beginning	of	a	relationship.	The	way	we’re
marketing	lets	you	build	an	audience	of	people	who	are	hearing	from	you	over	and	over	again,	before	and
after	they’ve	bought	your	product.
  To	get	good	at	this,	and	for	it	to	be	most	effective,	you	need	to	reach	out	to	the	people	on	your	list
frequently.	Create	a	schedule,	whether	it’s	every	Monday	morning	or	every	Saturday	night	or	even	just
once	a	month.	Pick	something	right	now—you	can	always	change	your	mind	later.
  The	more	consistent	you	are,	the	faster	you’ll	find	out	what	works	for	you.	Not	just	the	kind	of	content,
but	the	platforms	themselves.	Your	customers	spend	their	time	in	different	places,	and	you	need	to	go	find
them.
  You	don’t	have	to	blog	four	times	a	week	if	a	monthly	newsletter	with	meaningful	content	is	what	you
can	manage	and	is	more	suited	to	your	business.	As	with	social	media,	experiment	with	how	best	to	use
your	email	list.	If	you	send	something	out	and	readers	unsubscribe	en	masse,	don’t	do	that	again.	But	if
you	offer	your	knowledge,	your	insights,	your	experience,	and	a	discount,	and	you	see	a	response,	do	that
over	and	over.
  Eventually,	your	business	will	start	to	grow	organically.	You	will	no	longer	have	to	push	that	boulder	up
a	hill.	Social	media	algorithms	will	start	to	boost	your	content	to	new	followers	as	you	find	your	own
success,	your	readers	will	share	your	blog	posts	with	their	friends,	and	your	customers	will	start	to	tell
others.	How	can	you	help	them	do	so?	By	creating	more	content	they	want	to	share—that	will	help	them
educate,	motivate,	and	entertain	their	own	audiences.
While	I	prioritize	social	media,	other	minimalist	entrepreneurs	like	Laura	Roeder,	founder	of	Paperbell
and	MeetEdgar,	have	a	different	take.	For	Paperbell,	a	scheduling	and	client	management	software	for
personal	 coaches	 she	 founded	 in	 2020,	 she	 decided	 on	 SEO-driven	 content	 marketing	 to	 engage	 her
audience.	Early	on,	she	hired	an	SEO	consultant	to	compile	a	spreadsheet	of	keywords	that	reflected	the
search	intent	of	her	target	customers.	At	first	she	was	worried	that	using	SEO	would	compromise	the
quality	of	Paperbell’s	resources	and	advice	for	coaches,	but	instead	it’s	helped	focus	her	writing	and	has
resulted	in	organic	growth.	“The	amazing	thing	about	SEO	is	that	it’s	a	long-term	play,”	she	says.	“It	only
gets	better	over	time	if	you	put	effort	into	it.”
  Though	she	does	eventually	hope	to	actively	build	up	followers	on	Facebook	and	Instagram,	right	now
she	puts	most	of	her	energy	into	regular	blog	posts	and	product	update	emails,	which	she	describes	as
her	 favorite	 marketing	 copy.	 All	 of	 the	 changes	 Paperbell	 makes	 to	 its	 software	 at	 this	 stage	 are	 in
response	 to	 requests,	 so	 the	 update	 emails	 are	 a	 chance	 to	 delight	 customers	 who	 are	 invested	 in
Paperbell’s	progress.	“Founders	put	so	much	time	into	researching	marketing	strategies,”	she	says,	“but
the	only	way	to	discover	what	will	work	is	to	try	it,	see	if	you	like	it,	and	watch	to	see	if	your	customers
respond.”	As	the	founder	of	multiple	companies,	she	finds	it	freeing	that	there’s	no	one	right	path	for
everyone	and	every	business.
  She	knows	because	she’s	made	changes	between	MeetEdgar	and	Paperbell.	With	MeetEdgar,	a	social
media	scheduling	tool	she	founded	in	2014,	she	and	her	team	didn’t	offer	trial	subscriptions	because	the
software	required	a	time	commitment	to	learn	and	to	set	up.	But	since	then,	there’s	been	a	behavioral
shift	in	the	way	people	research	tools	and	consider	software.
  “Free	trials	are	table	stakes,”	she	says.	New	customers	aren’t	interested	in	marketing	information;	they
open	six	tabs	and	want	to	get	started	comparing	their	choices	right	away.	With	MeetEdgar,	she	first	tried
invitations,	but	now	both	MeetEdgar	and	Paperbell	offer	trial	subscriptions.
  Laura	is	a	big	believer	in	building	an	email	list	from	day	one.	Paperbell’s	list	comes	from	her	first
customers	as	well	as	from	those	who’ve	signed	up	for	free	trials.	She	also	has	a	regularly	changing	lead
magnet	on	the	website	to	collect	email	addresses.	The	list	is	key	because	Paperbell	is	a	low-cost	software
option	for	individuals	rather	than	for	teams,	which	means	the	math	doesn’t	work	to	do	demos	or	to	have	a
dedicated	sales	team	to	reach	customers.
  “A	lot	of	entrepreneurs	think	they	have	to	start	something	totally	new,”	she	says,	“but	a	proven	market
makes	your	job	so	much	easier.”	With	the	way	people	buy	on	the	internet,	the	quality	and	consistency	of
your	marketing	means	that	you	can	get	on	people’s	radar	and	you	don’t	always	need	to	create	a	unique
product	category	to	be	successful	against	bigger	companies.	Instead,	you	can	build	great	software	and	a
great	 community	 into	 an	 impactful,	 sustainable	 business	 through	 patient,	 strategic,	 and	 consistent
marketing.
Press	cycles	about	million-dollar	fund-raises	and	billion-dollar	valuations	are	short-lived	and	targeted	at
aspiring	entrepreneurs,	not	people	like	your	customers.	Building	your	audience	that	way	doesn’t	work,
because	a	months-old	startup	has	nothing	to	say,	besides	that	a	few	rich	people	gave	them	some	money.
Trust	me,	I	know.
  Most	growth	you	see	is	paid	for.	So	if	you	are	jealous	of	someone’s	constant	press	and	stratospheric
growth,	keep	in	mind	that	they	are	likely	burning	cash	in	order	to	acquire	customers	and	to	promise	them
an	experience	or	a	product	that	could	come	to	an	abrupt	end	at	any	moment	when	the	money	runs	out.	It
is	quite	literally	growth	at	all	costs.
  This	 is	 backwards.	 You	 started	 your	 business	 to	 help	 a	 group	 of	 people	 you	 care	 about,	 and	 your
product	is	what	you	offer	them,	not	your	ad	creatives.	But	it	is	too	easy	to	fall	for	that	trap	when	these	are
the	 examples	 that	 get	 the	 spotlight.	 Your	 product	 is	 not	 for	 everyone,	 so	 you	 shouldn’t	 try	 to	 reach
everyone.	That’s	way	too	expensive.	And	if	you’re	spending	money	to	get	followers,	to	get	customers,	or
to	get	eyeballs	on	your	product,	you’re	buying	an	ad	no	matter	what	it’s	called.
  There	are	display	ads,	social	media	ads,	ads	in	newspapers	and	magazines,	outdoor	advertising	ads,	ads
on	 the	 radio	 and	 on	 podcasts,	 direct	 mail,	 video	 ads,	 product	 placement,	 event	 marketing,	 influencer
marketing,	email	marketing,	and	more.
  This	is	an	expensive	set	of	rabbit	holes	to	go	down,	which	is	why	it’s	important	to	wait	as	long	as	you
can	before	doing	so.	Ideally,	you	should	have	a	clear	idea	of	what’s	already	working.	Then,	and	only	then,
should	you	spend	money	to	accelerate.
  The	stories	about	your	business	will	be	stories	about	your	struggles,	your	customers,	your	learnings,
and	your	journey.	They	will	create	more	fans.	Who	will	in	turn	become	your	customers,	who	in	turn	will
tell	others	about	your	business.
  There’s	another	reason	to	figure	out	how	to	grow	using	your	time	and	the	customer	base	you	currently
have.	Relying	on	advertising,	even	if	it	works	for	you	today,	may	eventually	get	too	expensive.	The	COVID-
19	pandemic	accelerated	the	move	from	traditional	to	digital	advertising	across	all	industries,	which	in
the	long	run	will	drive	the	cost	of	ads	up	year	over	year.	Just	as	you	don’t	want	to	rely	on	social	media
companies	 to	 mediate	 your	 relationships	 to	 your	 customers,	 you	 don’t	 want	 your	 business	 model	 to
depend	 on	 outside	 companies	 providing	 you	 with	 affordable	 advertising.	 The	 sooner	 your	 marketing
function	is	as	sustainable	as	the	rest	of	your	business,	the	better.	And	there’s	no	better	time	to	start	than
from	the	very	beginning.
Startups	like	PayPal	and	Uber	spent	millions	of	dollars	in	their	early	days	paying	their	users	to	help	them
grow.	But	this	may	pose	an	obstacle	to	real	growth.	If	people	are	only	sharing	your	product	because	they
are	being	financially	rewarded	for	it,	it	is	unsustainable.
  Instead	of	thinking	about	loyalty	programs	as	a	marketing	function,	think	of	them	as	genuine	rewards
to	 loyal	 customers.	 For	 example,	 you	 can	 offer	 discounts	 for	 leaving	 a	 business	 review	 online	 or	 for
sharing	it	on	social	media.
  Eventually,	you	can	worry	about	getting	headlines	from	journalists,	but	for	now	you	should	focus	on
getting	reviews	from	your	actual	customers.	Once	your	business	is	growing	and	sustainable,	you	can	go
beyond	outreach	to	the	community	reporters	and	micro-influencers	that	I	mentioned	in	chapter	4.	Now
you’re	ready	to	offer	your	product	for	free	to	reviewers	and	more	established	influencers,	or	you	can	offer
samples	of	your	products	or	exclusive	information	on	your	company	to	bloggers	and	journalists	who	cover
your	space.	But	most	of	all,	you	can	just	tell	your	story.	You	can	be	yourself.	You	worked	hard	for	this.	You
struggled.	You	can	show	others	that	their	hard	work	and	struggles	will	be	rewarded	too.
  Helena	 Hambrecht,	 cofounder	 and	 co-CEO	 of	 Haus,	 an	 aperitif	 brand,	 sees	 enormous	 potential	 in
enlisting	your	best	customers	as	marketers.	This	is	one	of	the	strategies	she	and	her	husband,	Woody,	a
third-generation	winemaker,	are	using	to	market	their	natural,	lower-alcohol-by-volume	spirits	that	they
sell	direct	to	consumer.
  She	and	Woody	didn’t	have	money	to	put	into	paid	marketing	and	customer	acquisition,	so	from	the
first	product	launch	at	Haus,	she	reached	out	to	her	communities	and	pitched	stories	to	the	press	and	to
individual	influencers	whom	she	knew	would	be	excited	by	the	company	story	and	the	content	she	posts
on	social	media,	including	some	of	her	own	photography.
  Given	budgetary	constraints,	it	would	have	been	impossible	for	Haus	to	generate	all	the	content	they
need	for	social	media,	and	that’s	why	Helena	believes	in	“putting	the	power	in	customers’	hands.”	Haus
relies	on	user-generated	content	to	generate	word	of	mouth.	Lo-fi	content	shot	on	an	iPhone	and	genuine
customer	voices	convey	the	authenticity	that	is	a	hallmark	of	the	brand	and	that	speaks	to	potential	new
customers.
  The	key,	she	says,	is	to	build	relationships,	to	make	contributors	feel	valued,	and	to	give	them	the	tools
they	need	to	make	content	that	they	can	not	only	use	for	Haus	but	that	they	themselves	will	be	proud	of.
“Marketing	doesn’t	have	to	be	fancy	to	be	impactful,”	she	says.	“It	has	to	be	real.”	Though	Haus	does
spend	money	on	ads,	she	notes	that	advertising	performs	best	when	it’s	surrounded	by	a	lot	of	organic
content.
  She	 and	 I	 and	 many	 others	 believe	 that	 this	 is	 the	 only	 way	 paid	 marketing	 makes	 sense.	 Ads	 are
anything	openly	sponsored	and	nonpersonal	that	are	used	to	sell	an	idea,	a	political	candidate,	a	business,
or	a	product.	The	bad	news	is	that	we	still	live	in	a	world	in	which	huge	corporations	spend	thousands	or
millions	 of	 dollars	 to	 reach	 thousands	 or	 millions	 of	 people,	 and	 entrepreneurs	 are	 up	 against	 the
sophisticated	marketing	departments	and	advertising	agencies	of	Disney,	Coca-Cola,	Nike,	and	the	like.
  Though	technology	hasn’t	completely	leveled	the	playing	field,	it’s	made	advertising	a	much	fairer	fight.
There	are	more	places	to	buy	ads,	with	smaller	audiences.	And	the	more	targeted	you	can	get,	the	less
you	have	to	spend.	This	is	good	news	for	small	businesses	that	don’t	have	the	large	ad	budgets	of	Fortune
500	companies	and	VC-funded	startups	but	do	have	committed,	well-defined	communities.
  You	 can	 advertise	 on	 Yelp,	 or	 Instagram,	 picking	 a	 specific	 geographic	 location	 or	 only	 people
interested	in,	say,	the	oil	paintings	of	John	Singer	Sargent.	If	you’re	selling	a	painting	course	about	how	to
paint	the	human	figure	like	an	impressionist	at	the	turn	of	the	twentieth	century,	this	can	be	incredibly
effective.
  A	lot	of	people	interested	in	those	things	will	still	not	be	interested	in	buying	your	product	or	service.	A
lot	of	people	who	like	ice	cream	won’t	buy	your	ice	cream.	They	may	be	dairy-free,	or	only	eat	ice	cream
on	date	nights,	or	they	may	like	looking	at	ice	cream	more	than	they	wish	to	actually	eat	it.	Or	perhaps
they	used	to	eat	ice	cream	every	day	and	now	they’re	repenting	for	it.	Who	knows?	You	certainly	don’t.
  But	somebody	(spoiler:	Facebook)	does.	You	don’t	need	a	whole	marketing	department,	you	just	need	a
Facebook	account.	With	their	help,	you	can	compete	with	the	world’s	largest	brands	in	just	a	few	hours	a
week.
I’ve	 already	 talked	 about	 the	 idea	 that	 the	 scale	 at	 which	 you	 can	 be	 successful	 with	 advertising	 is
shrinking	 every	 day,	 thanks	 to	 software	 and	 the	 internet.	 As	 you	 browse,	 services	 like	 Facebook	 and
Google	collect	data	on	your	habits.	They	know	what	you	need,	want,	and	like.	They	may	even	be	able	to
predict	what	you’ll	need,	want,	and	like	tomorrow.	For	better	or	worse,	this	is	no	longer	surprising.
  Collecting	and	using	customer	data	is	a	strategy	that’s	here	to	stay,	but	it	inevitably	leads	to	questions
about	internet	privacy.	From	the	outset,	I’ve	said	that	minimalist	entrepreneurs	should	be	selling	to	their
users,	not	selling	their	users.	In	practice,	that	means	building	a	product	that	solves	a	real	problem	for
your	customers,	only	selling	to	customers	who	are	already	convinced	by	your	product,	and	only	using
your	email	list	to	send	important	information	(not	spam)	to	people	who	have	opted	in.
  The	same	logic	applies	to	ads.	If	you	choose	to	spend	money	on	advertising,	you	should	do	it	in	a	way
your	customers	would	be	happy	about.	As	a	bonus,	you’ll	be	able	to	spend	less	money	to	reach	each	new
customer.
  At	Gumroad	we	don’t	spend	any	money	on	paid	customer	acquisition,	for	three	reasons:	(1)	We	can
reach	out	to	creators	directly;	(2)	their	use	of	Gumroad	makes	their	own	communities	aware	of	Gumroad
for	us;	and	(3)	I’m	happy	with	our	current	growth	rate.	But	paid	ads	can	be	a	valuable	tool	for	other
entrepreneurs,	such	as	ones	selling	high-quality	consumer	goods.	That	said,	you	should	be	mindful	of	the
very	 real	 data	 privacy	 concerns	 users	 will	 have	 when	 they	 are	 on	 the	 receiving	 end	 of	 targeted	 ads.
Ultimately,	you	have	to	decide	if	paid	customer	acquisition	is	the	right	fit	for	you	and	your	business.
  If	you	do	decide	to	spend	money,	you	will	be	glad	that	you	waited.	That’s	because	you’ll	have	a	much
better	idea	of	who	your	customer	actually	is,	and	therefore	who	else	may	fit	their	profile.
  For	example,	you	can	ask—and	pay—Facebook	if	they	happen	to	know	folks	who	closely	resemble	your
customers.	These	are	called	“lookalike	audiences,”	which	Facebook	describes	as	“a	way	to	reach	new
people	 who	 are	 likely	 to	 be	 interested	 in	 your	 business	 because	 they’re	 similar	 to	 your	 best	 existing
customers.”
  Instead	of	buying	ads	to	target	large	swathes	of	the	population,	wasting	their	attention	and	your	money,
you	can	instead	tell	Facebook,	“Please	tell	people	who	most	resemble	my	existing	customers	that	I	exist.”
  Each	company	has	its	own	name	for	this	kind	of	ad.	For	example,	Pinterest	calls	them	“actalike.”	If	you
decide	 to	 spend	 money	 on	 this	 at	 all,	 it’s	 a	 good	 way	 to	 get	 started.	 But	 remember	 that	 this	 kind	 of
targeted	 advertising	 is	 also	 becoming	 more	 expensive	 over	 time,	 possibly	 rendering	 a	 previously
sustainable	business	unsustainable.
  I	could	go	on	and	on.	There	are	a	million	different	ways	to	advertise.	But	you	should	rarely,	if	ever,	need
to.	 A	 business	 built	 primarily	 through	 organic	 growth	 will	 be	 durable	 from	 the	 start,	 but	 even	 more
durable	over	time	as	the	businesses	that	heavily	rely	on	paid	advertising	start	to	struggle.
  Instead	 of	 spending	 money,	 spend	 your	 time.	 Build	 relationships,	 have	 passionate	 customers	 who
spread	the	word,	and	then	think	about	spending	a	little	bit	of	your	profits	to	slightly	expand	your	horizon.
If	 you	 can	 do	 that,	 you	 will	 stay	 lean	 and	 grow	 at	 a	 comfortable	 rate	 that	 never	 overextends	 your
business.
  But	 paid	 marketing	 should	 never	 get	 in	 the	 way	 of	 what	 really	 matters:	 talking	 to	 and	 selling	 to
customers.
Ultimately,	this	is	what	marketing	is	all	about:	selling	to	customers,	at	scale.	Good	news:	You	already	have
a	ton	of	experience	doing	that.
  That’s	why	this	part	of	the	funnel	is	short	and	sweet.	You’ve	already	done	the	hard	work	of	building	a
product,	finding	initial	customers,	and	making	sure	you’ve	solved	their	problem.	Now	you	get	to	revel	in
the	fruits	of	your	labor	as	your	marketing	starts	to	do	the	much	more	scalable	work	of	attracting	your
next	customers	to	you.
   Read	Guerilla	Marketing,	a	book	by	Jay	Conrad	Levinson.
   Read	Made	to	Stick,	a	book	by	Chip	Heath	and	Dan	Heath.
   Watch	a	video	course	by	Daniel	Vassallo.
   Look	at	room.club/tips,	a	guide	I	wrote	on	how	to	build	an	audience	on	Clubhouse.
Life	is	like	riding	a	bicycle.	To	keep	your	balance	you	must	keep	moving.
                                          —  ALBERT	EINSTEIN
In	this	chapter,	we’re	going	to	talk	about	what	comes	after	you’re	profitable	and	have	an	organically
growing	customer	base.	For	some	of	you,	this	will	be	relevant	right	this	second,	but	even	if	you’re	not
there	yet,	don’t	skip	over	this	part.	It	will	save	you	a	lot	of	heartbreak	if	you	can	start	thinking	now	about
how	to	grow	sustainably	while	avoiding	some	of	the	most	common	mistakes	founders	make.
  You	 may	 be	 earning	 a	 nice	 living	 for	 yourself	 and	 your	 family,	 and	 in	 theory,	 your	 journey	 and	 the
journey	of	your	company	could	be	coming	to	a	close.	But	for	many,	including	me,	the	point	is	not	to	create
a	lifestyle	business,	retire	on	a	beach	somewhere,	and	be	done	with	it.	The	reasons	to	grow	are	different
for	every	founder.	Even	though	I	got	comfortable	with	the	non-unicorn	outcome	for	Gumroad	in	2019,	I’ve
continued	to	invest	in	its	growth.	For	one,	it’s	fun	and	satisfying	to	work	on	a	continuously	improving
project.	Two,	it	feels	good	to	find	new	ways	to	create	value	for	our	creators.
  And	frankly,	staying	put	doesn’t	work.	The	world	is	constantly	changing,	and	we	and	our	businesses
have	to	change	with	it.	Staying	put	is	a	great	way	to	start	going	backwards.	You	don’t	need	to	grow	like
crazy,	but	you	also	don’t	want	to	grow	stagnant.
  I’ve	seen	this	play	out	at	many	companies.	They	solve	the	problem,	get	complacent,	and	over	the	years
their	 customers	 churn	 and	 the	 people	 they	 hire	 are	 no	 longer	 fired	 up.	 But	 being	 a	 minimalist
entrepreneur	isn’t	just	about	owning	a	business	that	doesn’t	own	you;	it’s	also	about	owning	a	business
that	you	want	to	work	on,	even	if	you	don’t	have	to	work	on	it	anymore.
  At	this	stage,	the	real	question	is:	How	can	I	grow	with	intent,	without	jeopardizing	the	impact	I	make
for	my	customers	or	damaging	the	life	I’ve	built?	On	the	surface,	it	might	seem	straightforward	to	stay
the	course	when	you	start	to	see	results,	but	slow,	sustained	growth	is	its	own	kind	of	challenge	that
requires	deliberate,	conscious	decision	making.
  When	businesses	fail,	it’s	unlikely	that	a	tornado	of	unforeseeable	misfortunes	is	the	cause.	Instead,	it’s
usually	one	or	more	of	the	same	handful	of	mistakes:	overspending	on	inventory	and	office	space,	hiring
too	quickly,	cofounder	infighting.	I’ll	talk	about	how	to	avoid	those	mistakes,	but	also	about	how	to	deal
with	them	because	it’s	likely	that	some	of	them	will	happen	to	you,	even	if	you	try	to	avoid	them.
  There	are	two	categories	of	self-inflicted	mistakes,	or	“unforced	errors,”	to	watch	out	for.	The	first	set
relates	to	running	out	of	money,	and	the	second	set	to	running	out	of	energy.
  Let’s	start	with	some	basic	economics	and	go	from	there.
The	most	important	equation	in	business:	profit	equals	revenue	minus	costs.
  It	sounds	so	simple:	Make	more	than	you	spend,	and	your	company	can	keep	on	going	forever.	Make
less	than	you	spend,	and	you	will	eventually	fail.
  But	 you’d	 be	 surprised	 how	 often	 founders	 ignore	 profitability	 (read:	 sustainability)	 and	 focus	 on
product	development,	growing,	hiring,	and	all	kinds	of	other	things,	right	up	until	the	money	runs	out.
Paul	Graham,	founder	of	Y	Combinator,	can	size	up	a	company	immediately	based	on	whether	they’re
“default	alive	or	default	dead.”	If	expenses	and	revenues	stay	constant,	will	the	company	live	or	die?
Incredibly,	half	of	the	founders	he	talks	to	have	no	idea.
  In	Graham’s	experience,	the	founders	don’t	know	because	they	don’t	think	they	need	to	know.	They’re
counting	on	investors	to	swoop	in	and	save	them	if	things	go	south.	But	if	you’re	bootstrapping	your
company,	you	have	to	watch	your	own	balance	sheet	because	there’s	no	one	coming	to	save	you	from	your
own	mistakes.
  Let	me	state	the	obvious.	You	should	already	have	revenue	coming	in	from	the	hundred	customers	you
sold	 to,	 plus	 however	 many	 you	 have	 acquired	 via	 the	 marketing	 methods	 I	 covered	 in	 the	 previous
chapter.	So	if	you’re	profitable	now,	you	should	be	able	to	keep	it	that	way	by	focusing	on	the	only	part	of
the	equation	left	to	discuss:	costs.
  There	are	two	kinds	of	costs.	The	first	is	variable	cost,	also	referred	to	as	the	“cost	of	goods	sold,”	or
COGS:	the	cost	associated	with	selling	each	marginal	unit	of	product.	In	brick-and-mortar	businesses,
that	includes	costs	like	labor,	packaging,	raw	materials,	and	more.	For	software	businesses	in	the	1990s,
COGS	were	non-zero	because	software	was	put	onto	CDs	and	sold	in	retail	stores.
  Things	have	changed	a	lot	since	then.	“Shipping”	some	electrons	over	the	internet	is	virtually	free,	and
the	internet	makes	it	much	cheaper	to	collect	payments	online.	For	example,	for	each	dollar	we	earn	at
Gumroad,	we	incur	about	40	cents	of	variable	costs.	This	40	percent	consists	of	payment	processing	fees,
web	hosting	costs,	other	infrastructure	costs,	and	fraud	prevention	(a	necessary	evil	of	helping	people
transact	online).
  That	leaves	us	60	cents	per	dollar.	But	that	60	cents	isn’t	pure	profit—we	still	need	to	pay	the	second
kind	of	costs,	fixed	costs,	which	don’t	scale	linearly	with	our	revenue	and	each	incremental	product	sold.
This	 includes	 everything	 from	 our	 domain	 name	 to	 certain	 online	 services,	 but	 these	 aren’t	 the	 main
expenditures	for	us	or	for	most	businesses,	minimalist	or	not.	The	number	one	fixed	cost	is	people.
  In	the	next	chapter,	we’ll	talk	more	about	what	it	means	to	bring	human	beings	into	your	company,	but
for	 now,	 let’s	 just	 say	 that	 employees,	 their	 equipment,	 the	 office	 space	 they	 need,	 the	 internet
connection,	the	insurance	for	the	space,	the	snacks	in	the	fridge,	the	electricity,	and	so	on,	cost	a	lot	of
money,	and	rightfully	so.	Starting	with	you,	so	.	.	.
    Pay	yourself	as	little	as	possible,	at	least	to	start.	You	are	a	founder,	but	you	are	also	the	first
    employee.	Treat	yourself	as	such.	Don’t	expect	to	take	dividends.	Instead,	pay	yourself	an	annual
    salary	even	if	it	is	just	$1,	and	then	increase	it	over	time	as	you	can	afford	to.	This	will	force	you	to	do
    the	work	to	get	your	systems	set	up	so	you	can	have	an	accurate	picture	of	how	much	or	how	little	is
    required	to	run	your	business,	not	just	sell	your	product.
      If	you’re	worried	about	making	a	living,	I	get	it.	That’s	why	I’ve	recommended	again	and	again	that
    you	start	your	business	as	a	side	project	and	use	your	time,	energy,	and	ideas	to	grow	the	business	to
    profitability	before	you	leave	your	day	job.	Then,	you	can	pay	yourself	as	profits	allow.	In	my	case,
    when	Gumroad	started	to	work,	I	paid	myself	$36K	a	year,	just	enough	to	cover	basic	living	expenses
    in	San	Francisco.	Over	the	years,	I	increased	my	salary	but	tied	it	to	the	salary	of	the	lowest-paid
    person	at	the	company:	$60K,	then	$85K.	When	things	went	sideways	in	2015,	I	paid	myself	$0	for	a
    while.	Now	I	pay	myself	$120K	a	year.
      Ultimately,	you	should	be	trying	to	minimize	your	business’s	burn,	but	also	remember	that	the	goal
    here	is	to	provide	yourself	enough	of	an	income	to	be	able	to	focus	on	what	matters:	helping	your
    customers	solve	their	problems.
    Hire	software,	not	humans.	People	are	expensive.	Software	is	not,	usually	because	a	lot	of	it	is	VC-
    subsidized	in	the	name	of	growth.	Take	advantage	of	this	by	using	Pilot	or	Bench	instead	of	hiring	an
    accountant	or	a	CFO.	Use	Gusto	to	run	payroll	and	benefits	in	five	minutes.	Because	you	are	putting
    off	hiring,	you	will	also	save	money	on	all	of	the	people-managing	roles	in	your	company,	like	an	HR
    person	and	an	office	manager	(see	below).	You	may	be	surprised	how	far	you	can	get	with	cheap
    software	tools.	For	example,	you	can	hire	a	human	being	to	follow	up	with	new	customers	every	time
    someone	signs	up	for	your	service	or	you	can	use	automation	tools	like	Zapier	to	send	a	follow-up
    email	and	to	add	those	new	customers	to	a	queue	to	call	later.
    Don’t	get	an	office.	I	believed	this	pre-pandemic,	and	I,	and	millions	of	other	people	who	weren’t
    already	convinced,	believe	it	now.	An	office	creates	an	insane	amount	of	associated	costs.	Plus,	you
    now	have	to	manage	an	office.	Unless	you	really	need	one,	avoid	it.	(You	can	get	one	later	if	you	really
    want	it	as	a	reward	for	building	a	meaningful,	sustainable	business.)
      Thanks	 to	 the	 pandemic,	 there’s	 a	 list	 of	 businesses	 a	 mile	 long	 that	 have	 become	 “digital	 by
    default,”	as	Shopify	founder	and	CEO	Tobi	Lutke	put	it,	but	others,	like	Upwork,	have	always	thrived
    with	distributed	teams.	Either	way,	even	giants	like	Google,	Microsoft,	Morgan	Stanley,	JPMorgan,
    Capital	 One,	 Zillow,	 Slack,	 Amazon,	 PayPal,	 Salesforce,	 and	 other	 major	 companies	 have	 extended
    their	work-from-home	options	post-2020,	so	if	they	don’t	need	an	office,	you	probably	don’t	either.
    Don’t	move	to	Silicon	Valley.	Even	before	2020,	I	would	have	said,	“Don’t	quit	your	job,	don’t	move
    to	SF,	don’t	pass	go,	and	don’t	collect	$200	(from	VCs).”	After	all,	San	Francisco	is	expensive,	traffic-
    heavy,	and	not	a	great	place	to	raise	your	children—or	even	a	dog.	Now,	post-COVID,	remote	work	is
    the	new	normal,	and	that	means	you	can	stay	where	you	are.	Sam	Altman,	the	former	CEO	of	Y
    Combinator,	said	that	he	was	“very	excited	to	see	SF	have	to	compete	with	other	cities.”	Me	too.	Not
    only	is	it	cheaper	and	less	competitive	to	build	your	company	in	a	smaller	town	or	city,	but	it’s	also
    better	for	the	local	community,	which	as	we’ve	learned	can	pay	dividends	for	your	business.
    Outsource	everything.	It’s	all	you,	every	day.	For	now.	Then	it’s	software.	Eventually	you	and	your
    army	of	robots	will	be	at	maximum	capacity	and	you’ll	need	help.	But	before	you	hire	your	first	full-
    time	employee,	use	freelancers.	I’m	not	talking	about	exploiting	good,	hardworking	people	by	paying
    them	less	than	they	deserve.	I	mean	hiring	future	founders	and	other	potential	minimalist
    entrepreneurs:	offering	them	opportunities	to	learn	within	a	functional,	profitable	business;	paying
    them	well;	and	giving	them	a	chance	to	earn	money	while	spending	the	rest	of	their	time	as	they	like—
    maybe	even	starting	their	own	minimalist	businesses	themselves.
  If	you	can	use	these	tactics	to	keep	your	costs	lower	than	your	revenues,	your	business	shouldn’t	die.
Even	better,	 you’ll	 have	something	 worth	 keeping:	a	 profitable,	 sustainable,	growing	 business	 serving
customers.	It’s	no	longer	up	to	the	market	to	decide	if	what	you	built	was	valuable.	It’s	now	up	to	you	not
to	lose	it.
  (This	may	seem	overwhelming.	To	help,	in	the	“Learn	More”	resources	at	the	end	of	this	chapter,	I
included	Gumroad’s	actual	P&L	with	all	of	our	costs,	as	well	as	simpler	examples.)
  In	the	last	chapter,	I	described	how	the	Doans	used	YouTube	to	grow	the	Missouri	Star	Quilt	Company
from	 a	 struggling	 mom-and-pop	 machine	 quilting	 shop	 to	 a	 global	 quilting	 empire.	 Looking	 back,	 the
success	of	Missouri	Star	might	feel	like	a	foregone	conclusion,	but	it	wasn’t	obvious	at	the	start	that	the
company	would	succeed,	or	even	survive.	“It	took	four	years	before	we	were	profitable	and	could	begin	to
pay	 our	 own	 salaries,”	 Al	 Doan	 said.	 “We	 were	 doing	 everything	 ourselves,	 including	 renovating	 the
buildings	we	bought,	as	we	slowly	figured	out	what	worked	both	for	our	customers	and	for	the	company
itself.”
  The	good	news	for	Missouri	Star	was	that	in	Hamilton,	Missouri,	it	was	much	easier	to	keep	costs	lower
than	it	would	have	been	in	Silicon	Valley	or	another	market	with	expensive	labor	and	real	estate.	“We
started	with	a	five-thousand-square-foot	store	that	we	thought	would	last	us	forever,”	Al	said,	but	they
eventually	 had	 to	 separate	 the	 company’s	 inventory	 into	 multiple	 shops	 where	 they	 could	 house
specialized	 fabrics,	 notions,	 and	 trim.	 As	 Missouri	 Star	 expanded,	 the	 “retail	 warehousing	 model”—in
which	the	people	who	worked	in	the	physical	stores	also	fulfilled	online	orders—started	to	break	down	as
employees	could	no	longer	simultaneously	handle	in-person	and	online	sales.
  The	 solution	 was	 obvious	 but	 also	 scary:	 To	 meet	 customer	 demand,	 Missouri	 Star	 would	 have	 to
separate	its	retail	business	from	its	online	one,	which	meant	new	warehouses,	increased	inventory,	and
more	employees.	As	minimalist	entrepreneurs,	Al	and	his	family	were	concerned	about	a	radical	increase
in	the	company’s	variable	costs,	but	because	Missouri	Star	was	already	profitable	and	its	revenues	were
growing	year-over-year,	they	had	the	confidence	(and	the	money)	to	support	their	expansion.
  Al	 also	 had	 enough	 experience	 to	 know	 that	 avoiding	 growth	 and	 trying	 to	 maintain	 dysfunctional
systems	wasn’t	a	good	idea.	“We	didn’t	hire	a	human	resources	person	until	we	were	at	150	employees,”
he	said,	because	it	felt	wasteful	to	pay	someone	to	perform	a	function	he’d	done	for	years,	“even	if	[he’d]
done	it	badly.”	It	took	a	few	incidents	and	some	intervention	from	a	friend	with	an	HR	background	for	him
to	realize	that	investing	in	HR	would	be	worth	the	cost.	“Otherwise,”	he	says,	“you	end	up	with	several
eight-hour	jobs.”
  Beyond	what	the	business	has	meant	for	the	Doan	family,	Missouri	Star	Quilt	Company	has	transformed
the	small	town	where	it’s	headquartered.	When	asked	about	the	impact	on	the	community	in	2019,	Jenny
Doan	said	that	at	first,	“I	thought	we	were	just	sewing,”	but	now	they	employ	four	hundred	people.	In
addition	to	growing	Missouri	Star,	they’ve	also	started	a	sewing	company,	a	knitting	company,	and	an	art
company.	“We	have	more	ideas	than	we	have	buildings	at	this	point,”	Jenny	says.
  The	 Doans’	 story	 offers	 many	 different	 lessons	 for	 minimalist	 entrepreneurs.	 Even	 if	 it’s	 the	 goal,
growth	is	its	own	challenge.	Far	too	often,	companies	with	plenty	of	talent	and	market	potential	run	into
trouble	not	because	of	the	product	or	the	customers	but	because	of	the	unglamorous	but	essential	parts
of	 running	 the	 business:	 Operations.	 Finances.	 Human	 Resources.	 Legal.	 In	 the	 world	 of	 VC,	 where
millions	of	dollars	are	thrown	around	on	wild	bets,	people	tend	to	be	over-exuberant,	lavishing	generous
perks	like	pool	tables	and	free	food.
  Don’t	get	swept	up	in	what	a	“successful”	business	is	supposed	to	look	like.	Keep	doing	what’s	working,
stop	or	improve	the	processes	that	aren’t,	and	always,	always,	always	keep	an	eye	on	the	numbers	and
your	ears	on	your	customers.
The	tuning	fork	you	should	resort	to	over	and	over	again	is	quite	simple:	your	customers.
  Your	customers	do	not	want	you	to	get	bigger	and	grow	faster.	They	do	not	care	how	rich	you	are,	if	you
were	on	the	Forbes	“30	Under	30”	list,	which	venture	capitalists	you	raised	money	from,	or	how	many
employees	you	have.	They	want	your	product	to	improve,	and	your	business	to	stick	around.	That’s	about
it.
  Amazon	has	a	nice	way	of	thinking	about	this:	“In	every	board	meeting	in	Amazon	HQ	stands	an	empty
chair.	That	seat	represents	the	customer	and	the	customer	voice.	So	everything	that	is	developed	and
created	is	scrutinized	by	the	voice	of	the	customer.	That	voice	is	what	the	people	in	the	meeting	room	ask
as	if	they	were	in	the	place	and	shoes	of	the	customer.	Why	is	this	product	important	for	me,	what	value
does	it	bring,	do	we	really	need	this	service	or	product?”
  Even	though	we’re	not	trying	to	build	Amazons,	this	attitude	is	even	more	important	if	you	are	at	the
helm	of	a	newly	profitable	and	growing	minimalist	business.	As	an	African	American	father	of	six	children,
Jelani	 Memory,	 founder	 of	 Circle	 Media	 and	 A	 Kids	 Book	 About,	 inevitably	 found	 himself	 discussing
racism	at	the	table	with	his	blended	family	of	four	white	and	two	brown	kids.	Memory	decided	to	write	a
book	 for	 his	 own	 children,	 one	 that	 would	 describe	 his	 experience	 with	 racism	 in	 terms	 they	 could
understand.
  The	 book,	 A	 Kids	 Book	 About	 Racism,	 was	 simple,	 with	 no	 illustrations.	 He	 proudly	 designed	 and
printed	one	copy;	it	took	four	weeks	to	produce.	It	gave	him	a	jumping-off	point	for	discussing	hard	things
with	his	own	children,	and	when	he	showed	it	proudly	to	other	friends	and	parents,	many	wanted	a	copy
for	 their	 families.	 Even	 though	 he	 was	 in	 the	 midst	 of	 raising	 Series	 B	 for	 Circle	 Media,	 the	 idea	 of
starting	a	publishing	company	had	taken	hold	of	him.	By	January	2019,	he	negotiated	an	exit.
  At	that	point,	he	started	to	tell	everyone	he	knew	about	his	ideas	for	A	Kids	Book	About—these	were	his
potential	early	customers,	after	all—and	seeing	their	reactions	and	feeling	“the	power	of	possibility	in	the
look	on	people’s	faces”	not	only	helped	him	refine	the	business	but	also	validated	his	bigger	project	of
publishing	kids’	books	on	challenging,	empowering	topics.
  That	energy	kept	him	going	through	early	challenges,	including	learning	about	publishing	in	general
and	figuring	out	how	to	manage	inventory.	He	launched	A	Kids	Book	About	in	October	2019	with	twelve
titles,	and	it	grew	steadily	but	modestly	until	May	2020.	The	day	after	George	Floyd	was	killed	by	police
on	May	25,	2020,	“A	Kids	Book	About	did	as	much	in	sales	as	it	had	the	whole	previous	month.	And	it
didn’t	slow	down,”	Memory	said.	“The	following	day,	sales	went	up	2x,	and	the	day	after,	went	up	another
2x	and	held	steady.	So,	within	the	span	of	10	days,	A	Kids	Book	About	saw	north	of	$1	million	in	revenue.”
Their	inventory	was	supposed	to	last	the	rest	of	the	year,	but	they	sold	out	of	every	single	one	of	their
titles	but	two.
  Those	sales	figures	validated	Memory’s	belief	in	the	product	he	was	offering	and	in	the	possibility	for
growth	within	a	changing	world.	He	says,	“There	is	a	misconception	that	money	or	investment	confers
validation	and	permission	to	do	things	in	conventional	and	expensive	ways,	but	that’s	not	true.	It’s	about
product,	revenue,	and	traction.	Most	of	all,	customer	affection	is	the	permission	you	need	to	grow.”
  If	you	stay	focused	on	what	drives	sales	and	what	excites	your	customers,	then	you’ll	know	how	to
grow;	 they’ll	 tell	 you.	 And	 if	 you	 pay	 attention	 as	 you	 go,	 even	 as	 you	 do	 unwittingly	 make	 unforced
errors,	it	will	be	your	customers	(or	the	lack	thereof)	who	will	show	you	how	to	get	back	on	track,	far
before	you	would	have	otherwise	noticed.
  Finally,	be	diligent	about	the	essentials.	It’s	easy	to	excuse	sloppy	practices	when	you’re	growing	and
feel	overwhelmed,	but	that’s	the	moment	when	you	need	to	be	most	disciplined	about	how	you	spend	your
time	and	money.	Not	just	because	of	the	implications	for	your	bottom	line	but	also	because	nothing	brings
a	business	to	a	screeching	halt	faster	than	a	legal	problem	or	a	break	in	the	supply	chain.
  Paychecks	 need	 to	 go	 out	 on	 time,	 and	 it’s	 on	 you	 to	 avoid	 any	 legal,	 financial,	 or	 operational
complications	that	might	sink	the	ship.	Vendors	need	to	be	registered	in	the	system	and	paid	promptly.	IT
security	needs	to	be	buttoned	up	tight,	particularly	around	user	privacy.	You	need	to	run	a	good,	clean
business	to	establish	and	uphold	your	reputation	with	employees,	vendors,	and	customers.	Chances	are,
however,	that	one	or	more	of	these	areas	lies	outside	your	area	of	experience.	You	probably	lack	even	the
basic	knowledge	to	hire	the	right	help.	That’s	okay.	We’ll	talk	more	on	hiring	in	the	next	chapter.
  Until	then,	good	news:	Your	customers	can	connect	you	to	people	who	can	help,	especially	if	you’re
open	with	them	about	what	you	need.	They’re	already	incentivized	to	support	you,	because	they	use	your
product	and	want	to	make	it	better.	And	there’s	another	way	to	get	them	even	more	involved	with	your
success:	turning	them	into	owners.
Growing	 businesses,	 even	 minimalist	 businesses,	 may	 need	 capital	 at	 some	 point.	 Raising	 money	 can
make	sense,	once	you	know	how	you	would	spend	it	to	improve	the	lives	of	the	customers	you	already
have.	Shopify,	for	example,	and	1Password	raised	money	several	years	into	their	lives.	Because	they	were
both	profitable	when	they	did	it,	they	were	able	to	keep	their	visions	aligned	and	their	dilution	low,	and
retain	control	of	their	companies.
  If	you	do	choose	to	go	the	venture	capital	route	(Hit	me	up!
shl.vc),	profitability	will	give	you	leverage
in	those	negotiations.	But	there	are	also	new	ways	to	raise	money,	ones	that	preserve	your	ownership	and
empower	your	customers.
  I	don’t	just	mean	new	venture	capital	funds	such	as	Calm	Company	Fund	(disclosure:	I	am	an	investor),
and	 Tinyseed	 Fund,	 which	 are	 looking	 to	 invest	 in	 more	 sustainable,	 perhaps	 minimalist,	 businesses.
These	firms	are	building	a	portfolio	with	a	higher	hit	rate,	allowing	them	not	to	overoptimize	for	finding
the	single	company	that	returns	their	whole	fund.	But	they	are	far	from	the	norm.
  What	I	am	mostly	talking	about	here	is	a	totally	new	way	to	raise	money	from	your	customers	and	your
communities:	Regulation	Crowdfunding.
  In	2012,	President	Obama	signed	the	JOBS	Act	into	law.	This	bill,	among	many	other	things,	included
the	ability	for	private	companies	like	Gumroad	to	sell	shares	to	the	general	public,	making	it	possible	for
almost	anyone	to	invest	in	the	business.	On	March	15,	2021,	the	legal	limit	for	regulation	crowdfunding
went	 from	 $1.07	 million	 to	 $5	 million.	 These	 new	 rules	 also	 allow	 for	 “testing	 the	 waters,”	 allowing
companies	like	Gumroad	to	see	how	much	demand	there	is	to	invest	in	the	company	before	committing	to
a	crowdfunding	campaign.
  I	believe	that	crowdfunding	will	reorganize	the	funding	landscape.	There	will	always	be	a	place	for
venture	capitalists,	but	who	better	to	fund	a	business	than	its	customers,	who	understand	how	valuable
its	 offering	 is?	 And	 once	 founders	 can	 vet	 demand	 before	 committing,	 we	 should	 see	 the	 numbers
skyrocket.
  In	the	old	way,	the	number	one	downside	of	raising	money	was	that	you	created	two	distinct	sets	of
stakeholders:	your	investors	and	your	customers.	This	new	practice	will	allow	entrepreneurs	to	minimize
complexity	by	turning	customers	into	investors.	All	of	a	sudden,	you	have	a	single	group	of	people	you	are
serving:	your	community.
  I	can	speak	from	experience:	On	March	15,	2021,	I	used	Regulation	Crowdfunding	to	allow	some	of
Gumroad’s	 creators	 to	 become	 part-owners.	 In	 12	 hours,	 we	 raised	 $5	 million	 from	 more	 than	 7,000
individual	investors.	Now	we	have	thousands	of	our	creators	as	our	investors	too,	keeping	our	interests
more	cleanly	aligned.
  For	the	businesses	that	neither	need	to	bootstrap	completely	nor	want	to	go	the	venture-backed	path,
I’m	hopeful	that	Regulation	Crowdfunding	will	offer	a	middle	ground.	But	the	ultimate	long-term	goal
remains	profitability	(read:	sustainability).	Once	you’re	in	control	of	your	destiny,	you	should	never	let	it
go.
I	know	I’ve	said	over	and	over	again	that	profitability	is	the	metric	that	matters	most	to	your	business.
That’s	because	profitability	is	a	superpower.	If	you	rely	on	VCs	for	capital,	like	we	did	in	the	early	days,
you	rely	on	outside	forces	to	be	successful.	When	they	pull	the	plug,	you	have	no	more	electricity.	Your
backup	generator	will	last	a	certain	amount	of	time,	then	run	out	too.
  Profitability	gets	you	off	the	grid,	allowing	you	to	grow	mindfully	with	unlimited	runway.	You	can	take
your	 time	 and	 make	 thoughtful	 decisions	 that	 move	 you	 toward	 the	 right	 targets	 at	 your	 pace,	 not
someone	else’s.	As	some	Navy	SEALs	say,	“Slow	is	smooth	and	smooth	is	fast.”
  Chris	Savage,	CEO	and	cofounder	of	Wistia,	a	video	and	podcast	marketing	platform,	calls	the	resulting
sense	 of	 conviction	 “profitable	 confidence.”	 In	 2017,	 Savage	 and	 his	 cofounder,	 Brendan	 Schwartz,
realized	 that	 their	 efforts	 to	 scale	 and	 grow	 quickly	 had	 not	 only	 made	 their	 work	 less	 creatively
interesting,	but	had	also	made	them	unprofitable.	By	slowing	down,	they	figured	out	how	to	trust	their
instincts	again—and	wound	up	more	profitable	than	ever.
  For	Wistia,	being	profitably	confident	means	that	Chris	and	Brendan	know	they	will	live	no	matter	what
they	do.	It	allows	them	to	pursue	ideas	at	their	own	pace,	and	that	frees	them	up	so	that	every	single
thing	doesn’t	have	to	work	immediately	(or	even	at	all).	They	don’t	have	to	bet	the	company	anymore	if
they	want	to	try	something	new,	and	they	can	wait	years	for	something	to	pay	off.
  This	feels	great,	because	you	can	truly	invest	in	the	stuff	that	you	think	will	create	a	lot	of	value	for
your	customers,	not	just	the	stuff	that	will	“move	the	needle”	on	your	top-line	growth	metrics	as	soon	as
possible,	so	that	you	can	raise	the	venture	capital	you	need	to	keep	going.
  When	you	are	profitable,	you	can	take	your	time.	You	can	talk	to	customers	and	really	make	sure	you
understand	their	problems	before	you	attempt	to	solve	them.	Then	you	can	iterate	on	your	solution	over
and	over	again	until	you’re	really	happy	with	it	even	if	you	take	years	to	do	it.	You	could	even	show
customers	and	get	their	feedback	again	and	again,	like	we	often	do.
  Since	you	are	running	on	your	own	steam,	your	runway	will	now	last	you	forever.	You	will	not	die	unless
you	 do	 something	 stupid.	 This	 means	 you	 need	 to	 hire	 slowly,	 not	 ambitiously.	 You	 should	 also	 avoid
irreversible	decisions	like	getting	a	multiyear	office	lease.	Moving	slowly	will	mean	you	can	ship	more
thoughtfully	because	you’ll	have	the	time	and	space	to	learn	about	yourself,	your	customers,	and	your
market.	It	will	also	give	you	a	clear	view	of	the	road	ahead.	You	will	be	able	to	detect	bugs	in	your	product
and	systems	before	they	affect	your	customers.	You	can	test	your	software	in	private	beta	with	customers,
or	behind	a	waitlist.	You	can	make	sure	it’s	good	enough	before	you	give	it	a	wide	release.	This	way,	your
customers	continue	to	appreciate	every	thoughtful	addition—or	subtraction—you	make	and	to	love	your
product	without	worrying	about	the	mistakes	that	accompany	quick	changes	and	rash	decisions.
Once	your	business	is	too	well	run	to	fail,	there’s	one	more	failure	point	to	address:	you.	Your	business
won’t	run	out	of	money,	but	you	may	still	run	out	of	energy.
  One	of	the	fastest	ways	to	drain	your	enthusiasm	and	to	lose	steam	is	a	cofounder	fight.	According	to
Paul	Graham,	founder	disagreements	are	par	for	the	course,	and	20	percent	of	those	situations	escalate
until	one	founder	departs	the	company.
  No	one	gets	married	expecting	to	divorce,	and	most	cofounders	don’t	anticipate	that	things	won’t	work
out	either.	But	ultimately,	relationships	are	relationships,	and	it	can	be	useful	to	apply	frameworks	for
personal	relationships	to	professional	ones	if	they	apply.
  Drs.	 John	 and	 Julie	 Gottman,	 well-known	 couples	 therapists,	 say	 they	 can	 predict	 the	 end	 of
relationships	using	“The	Four	Horsemen	of	the	Apocalypse,”	their	name	for	four	types	of	communication
styles	 that	 start	 to	 appear	 in	 a	 relationship:	 (1)	 criticism,	 (2)	 contempt,	 (3)	 defensiveness,	 and	 (4)
stonewalling.	While	some	founders	succeed	at	tackling	their	conflicts	head-on	and	eventually	rediscover
common	purpose	and	mission,	others	never	do,	and	one	founder	will	move	on.
  In	Startupland,	this	isn’t	necessarily	a	bad	thing.	Startups	are	encouraged	to	“fail	fast,”	and	founders
often	cycle	through	several	teams	at	the	same	time	they’re	cycling	through	ideas.
  But	 there’s	 also	 a	 lot	 of	 truth	 when	 people	 say,	 “It’s	 harder	 to	 divorce	 your	 cofounder	 than	 your
spouse,”	so	if	you	want	to	give	your	business	the	best	chance	at	success,	approach	the	relationship	with
your	cofounder(s)	like	a	marriage.	Think	about	the	following	before	you	team	up	for	the	long	haul:
    Do	not	start	a	relationship	with	someone	unless	you	really,	really	trust	them.
    Do	introduce	vesting	so	that	each	of	you	earns	your	stock	over	several	years.
    Do	make	sure	you	are	aligned	on	your	values,	what	you	want	to	build,	and	how	you	want	to	build	it.
    Do	not	ignore	the	possibility	that	one	of	you	may	leave.	Plan	for	what	a	successful	exit	from	the
    business	may	look	like.
    Do	have	the	hard	conversations	as	early	as	you	possibly	can.	Just	like	there’s	no	point	in	dating
    someone	for	five	years	before	you	figure	out	if	they	want	what	you	want,	early	in	any	serious
    professional	relationship,	it	is	important	to	explore	and	understand	each	other’s	values	and	ambitions.
    Because	hard	conversations	get	harder	the	longer	you	wait	to	have	them.	Here	are	some	questions
    worth	asking	your	potential	partners:
          What	does	a	happy	relationship	look	like?
          What	does	success	for	this	business	look	like?
          What	does	an	exit	look	like?
          How	fast	do	we	want	to	grow?
          Why	are	we	starting	this	together?
Have	these	hard	conversations	again	and	again.	Think	about	specific	check-ins	to	reevaluate	these	goals
so	that	disagreements	don’t	fester	silently,	and	make	sure	that	whatever	path	you	plan	on	taking,	you’re
on	the	same	page	about	it.
The	conventional	wisdom	is	that	there	are	two	kinds	of	startup	founders:	On	one	end	of	the	spectrum,	you
run	a	lifestyle	business	and	lounge	on	the	beach	all	day,	and	at	the	other,	you	work	24/7,	only	stopping	to
eat	or	sleep	when	absolutely	necessary	and	sacrificing	exercise,	rest,	family,	the	outdoors,	and	whatever
in	your	life	gives	you	pleasure	and	sustenance.
  There’s	a	lot	of	real	estate	between	those	two	extremes,	and	just	like	your	business	needs	to	change
and	to	grow	to	keep	from	getting	stagnant,	so	do	you	as	a	human	being.	I’d	be	lying	if	I	said	that	being	a
minimalist	 entrepreneur	 doesn’t	 take	 a	 lot	 of	 hard	 work,	 but	 it	 doesn’t	 have	 to	 be	 an	 all-or-nothing
proposition.
  I	can	speak	from	experience,	as	I’ve	changed	my	mind	about	what	I	wanted	out	of	Gumroad	quite	a	few
times.	For	the	first	several	years	of	Gumroad’s	life,	I	was	chasing	unicorns.	Then	I	right-sized	the	business
to	profitability,	and	today	it’s	one	of	a	few	things	I	am	working	on,	like	this	book.	Generally,	I	don’t	let	my
business	make	me	too	happy,	so	that	it	can’t	make	me	too	sad.	But	it	took	years	for	me	to	get	here,	and
the	kind	of	people	who	wanted	to	work	on	Gumroad	at	each	phase	were	very	different.	I	basically	had	to
rebuild	the	whole	team	from	scratch.
  When	you’re	growing	at	all	costs,	it’s	easy	to	avoid	these	conversations.	It’s	easy	to	justify	not	having
them	too:	You’re	all	focused	on	growth,	and	these	conversations	aren’t	helping	you	grow	in	the	short
term.	But	in	the	long	term,	as	your	business	morphs	like	every	business	does,	you	need	to	have	them.	Or
they’ll	happen	to	you	when	you	least	expect	them	to,	and	that’s	a	lot	less	fun.
  To	be	clear,	this	isn’t	about	scaling	back	your	ambitions	in	order	to	make	your	business	work.	It’s	about
aligning	the	ambitions	you	have	for	yourself	and	your	company	with	the	ambitions	your	customers	have
for	themselves.	Because	I’m	not	trying	to	build	a	billion-dollar	business	at	all	costs,	my	focus	now	is	on
creating	more	creators	and	business	owners.
  And	frankly,	you	often	can’t	grow	faster	if	you	try.	I’ve	worked	sixty	hours	a	week	for	years	on	end,	and
I’ve	worked	four	hours	a	week.	For	better	or	worse,	Gumroad	grew	at	its	own	pace,	and	the	number	of
hours	I	worked	didn’t	seem	to	have	much	of	a	correlation.	I	think	you’ll	find	the	same	is	true	for	you:	Your
company	will	grow	as	quickly	as	your	customers	determine	it	will	grow.	For	us,	that	was	15	percent	in
2017,	25	percent	in	2018,	40	percent	in	2019,	and	87	percent	year-over-year	in	2020.
  It	taught	me	to	be	wary	of	thinking	I	always	needed	to	do	more,	earn	more,	or	grow	more	than	I	needed
to.	Once	I	came	to	terms	with	the	reality	that	I	couldn’t	control	everything,	it	got	a	lot	easier	to	move
forward.	Instead	of	pretending	to	be	a	product	visionary	and	trying	to	build	a	billion-dollar	company,	as	if
it	were	within	my	control,	I	could	focus	on	making	Gumroad	better	for	our	existing	creators.
  Some	say	that	you	need	to	grow	like	crazy,	because	“if	you	don’t	get	big,	someone	else	will	eat	you.”	As
if	companies	were	fish.
  This	is	wrong.	The	vast	majority	of	small	businesses	are	never	eaten.	Big	fish	want	to	eat	other	big	fish.
In	fact,	the	longest-lived	businesses	in	the	world	are	also	some	of	the	smallest.	They	are	restaurants,
hotels,	construction	companies,	and	more.	Many	of	them	are	family	firms,	or	small	to	midsize	enterprises
content	 with	 steady	 evolution	 of	 their	 niche	 and	 a	 passionate	 multigenerational	 customer	 base.
Something	to	aspire	to!
  Maybe	you	already	know	this.	Maybe	that’s	the	business	you	already	aspire	to	build.	If	so,	I’m	glad.	But
it	wasn’t	obvious	to	me	when	I	started	out,	and	I	see	these	ideologies	pervade	and	persist	in	social	media,
within	headlines,	and	on	TV.
  One	 more	 economics	 lesson	 to	 wrap	 up:	 There’s	 no	 free	 lunch.	 Once	 you	 have	 it,	 you	 will	 feel	 the
pressure	to	spend	money	more	loosely.	Keep	in	mind	the	lessons	we	covered	in	this	chapter	as	you	start	to
spend	your	customers’	money,	making	sure	you’re	treating	it	as	if	it	were	your	own.	Instead	of	hiring	like
crazy,	hire	when	it	hurts.	Instead	of	getting	a	fancy	office,	work	out	of	a	fancy	coffee	shop.	When	you	do
spend	money,	see	how	it	affects	your	burn	rate	and	your	runway.
  At	this	point,	you	know	how	to	keep	things	going	and	growing.	You’re	ready	to	start	hiring	and	building
operational	excellence	within	your	company	to	scale	up.	That’s	what	we’ll	cover	in	the	next	chapter.
    Follow	Chris	Savage,	cofounder	and	CEO	of	Wistia,	on	Twitter	(@chrissavage),	and	read	his	post	on
    profitable	confidence	here:	https://wistia.com/learn/culture/profitable-confidence-how-to-build-a-
    business-for-the-long-term.
Read	about	“The	Four	Horsemen”	by	the	Gottmans,	starting	here:	www.gottman.com/blog/the-four-
horsemen-recognizing-criticism-contempt-defensiveness-and-stonewalling/.
Check	out	the	Gumroad	crowdfunding	campaign	here:	https://republic.co/gumroad.
You	can	dream,	create,	design	and	build	the	most	wonderful	place	in	the	world	.	.	.
but	it	requires
                                 people	to	make	the	dream	a	reality.
                                               —WALTDISNEY
Whenever	I	have	to	decide	what	to	do	next,	I	ask	myself	the	question	Gary	Keller	poses	in	The	One	Thing:
“What’s	the	one	thing	you	can	do	such	that	by	doing	it	everything	else	will	be	easier	or	unnecessary?”
  That’s	 why	 in	 this	 book	 we’ve	 focused	 on	 community	 before	 process,	 process	 before	 product,	 sales
before	marketing,	and	marketing	before	growth.
  When	it	comes	to	the	people	in	your	company,	the	answer	to	Keller’s	question	is	to	focus	on	culture
before	hiring.	Before	you’re	ready	to	hire	anyone,	you	first	need	to	make	a	company	people	want	to	work
for.	 That	 begins	 with	 setting	 your	 values,	 preferably	 as	 early	 as	 possible,	 because	 values	 are	 the
foundation	of	the	culture	you	will	build	together	with	your	employees.
  I	used	to	think	that	communicating	company	values	was	kind	of	dumb,	to	be	honest.	Be	nice,	work
hard,	show	up	on	time—isn’t	it	obvious?	Then	I	started	Gumroad	and	realized	that	if	you	don’t	constantly
remind	everyone—including	yourself—what	you	do,	how	you	do	it,	and	why	you	do	it	that	way,	you	will
veer	off	course.	And	then	you’ll	have	to	make	corrections,	usually	at	the	most	inopportune	time.
  For	me	this	happened	in	the	fall	of	2014,	when	I	first	started	having	conversations	with	VCs	about	the
next	round	of	funding	for	Gumroad.	When	I	realized	that	it	wasn’t	going	to	be	easy,	if	at	all	possible,	to
raise	our	Series	B	round	of	funding,	I	had	to	realign	several	team	members	around	a	very	different	kind	of
culture—one	focused	on	building	a	profitable,	sustainable	business	rather	than	a	unicorn.	We	didn’t	shift
our	priorities—we	were	and	still	are	creators	first—but	our	new	focus	required	me	to	have	conversations
around	the	career	trajectory	some	of	our	employees	expected.	And	let	me	tell	you,	it’s	a	lot	more	difficult,
emotional,	and	expensive	to	fix	your	culture	than	your	code.
  Humans	are	not	computers.	We	are	all	unpredictable,	emotional	creatures.	Each	person	you	hire	makes
the	 matrix	 of	 interactions	 within	 your	 organization	 more	 complex.	 You	 will	 make	 mistakes,	 but	 your
company	values	will	give	you	a	plan	of	attack	for	how	to	get	back	on	track.
  Today,	forty-eight	people	work	on	Gumroad,	based	all	over	the	world,	and	they	seem	quite	happy!	But	I
had	my	fair	share	of	ups	and	downs	to	get	here.	In	this	chapter,	I’ll	share	everything	I’ve	learned	the	hard
way	about	hiring	the	right	people	at	the	right	pace	and	keeping	them	happy	and	productive	in	the	face	of
a	never-ending	barrage	of	lucrative	and	glamorous	offers	for	their	talent,	particularly	in	the	technology
space.	 I	 also	 address	 the	 challenges	 and	 opportunities	 of	 remote	 work	 and	 other	 unconventional
approaches	to	solving	problems	with	people.	It’s	an	ongoing	process	that	never	really	stops.
  Before	you	invite	anyone	over,	you	need	to	get	your	house	in	order.	I’ve	never	seen	a	house	party	end
cleaner	than	when	it	started,	and	a	company	is	a	house	party	that	never	ends.	So	let’s	get	started	figuring
out	what	kind	of	house	you	want	to	live	in	and	then	filling	it	with	the	awesome	people	who	are	going	to
come	along	with	you	on	this	journey.
Values	 are	 not	 generic	 two-word	 commandments	 that	 companies	 use	 to	 state	 the	 obvious.	 Quite	 the
opposite:	They’re	for	stating	the	non-obvious,	in	non-obvious	ways.	They	codify	what	you	believe,	putting
it	in	a	place	where	everyone	can	see—and	everyone	can	suggest	changes.
  Values	are	oral	tradition.	They	tell	employees	a	story	of	how	to	behave	in	both	everyday	and	extreme
situations.	 And	 they’re	 more	 efficient	 mediums	 of	 information	 than	 manuals	 and	 handbooks.	 That’s
because	good	values	stick	in	the	brain;	they’re	efficient	and	memorable.
  Nordstrom,	for	example,	is	famed	for	its	customer	service.	In	one	iconic	story,	a	customer	brings	a	set
of	tires	to	the	store	to	return	even	though	Nordstrom	sells	clothes,	not	tires.	The	store	accepts	the	tires
anyway	and	fully	refunds	the	customer.	In	another	tale,	a	clerk	who	can’t	find	the	right	pair	of	shoes	at
any	nearby	Nordstrom	store	recommends	a	competitor,	Macy’s,	and	covers	shipping	for	the	customer.
  These	stories	communicate	more	about	the	kind	of	service	Nordstrom—and	its	customers—expect	than
a	thousand-page	manual	on	“how	to	be	a	good	sales	clerk”	ever	could.	You	could	start	working	there
tomorrow	and	already	have	a	good	sense	of	what	kind	of	standards	you	would	need	to	uphold	to	be	a	good
“fit.”
  That’s	because	values	aren’t	just	for	the	people	within	the	company.	They	tell	your	customers	and	the
people	who	may	consider	working	for	you	that	you	exist,	and	that	they	might	be	a	great	match.	More
important,	they	tell	everyone	else	that	your	company	isn’t	right	for	them,	saving	you,	and	them,	precious
time.
  That	absolute	clarity	is	particularly	important	for	minimalist	entrepreneurs	because	we	often	attract
people	for	whom	this	may	be	a	first	job.	Defining	and	communicating	your	company’s	values	early	sets
expectations	for	how	work	is	done	and	how	disagreements	are	handled	within	the	organization.	They’re
not	just	a	vehicle	for	you	to	push	your	will	on	your	team.	They	help	hold	your	team	together	and	provide	a
way	for	your	team	to	hold	you	accountable.
  Values	supersede	you,	and	values	allow	you	to	scale.	After	all,	one	of	the	reasons	you	started	a	business
is	to	control	your	environment:	when	you	work,	how	you	work,	where	you	work,	who	you	work	with,	who
you	 work	 for,	 and	 more.	 Values	 make	 sure	 that	 everyone	 is	 aligned	 on	 what	 that	 looks	 like.	 This	 is
especially	important	when	it	comes	to	making	difficult	decisions.
  Natalie	 Nagale,	 cofounder	 and	 CEO	 of	 Wildbit,	 knows	 this	 firsthand.	 She	 and	 her	 husband,	 Chris,
founded	Wildbit	in	2000,	and	in	2012	the	growth	of	Beanstalk,	the	workflow	software	that	was	one	of
their	core	products,	plateaued.
  “That	was	an	important	time	for	us,”	she	says,	“because	we	were	forced	to	ask	why	we	were	building
and	what	we	wanted	to	grow.”	One	of	Wildbit’s	principles	is	that	businesses	are	product	agnostic,	which
helped	them	make	the	decision	to	shift	Beanstalk	to	maintenance	and	support	mode.	When	they	finally
stopped	trying	“to	put	out	Beanstalk	fires,”	they	were	able	to	focus	on	intentionally	growing	Postmark,	an
email	delivery	service	that	was	their	other	core	product.
  In	the	years	since,	not	being	defined	by	one	project	or	product	has	given	Wildbit	more	freedom	to
“celebrate	every	opportunity	to	learn,”	which	is	one	of	their	core	values.	In	practice,	this	means	that	if
something,	 even	 a	 long-term	 project,	 stops	 being	 interesting	 or	 challenging,	 they	 move	 on.	 After	 five
years,	Wildbit	shut	down	Conveyor,	meant	to	be	a	successor	to	Beanstalk,	in	2020;	this	might	have	been
devastating	for	another	company,	but	for	Wildbit	it	made	space	for	their	team	to	launch	two	new	projects,
People	First	Jobs,	a	job	board,	and	DMARC	Digests,	a	monitoring	service	to	prevent	email	scams.
  Making	decisions	that	affect	the	lives	of	your	team	and	your	customers	is	not	something	to	be	taken
lightly.	But	if	you’ve	decided	on	your	values	and	have	developed	a	culture	around	them,	it	will	be	a	lot
easier.	A	lot	of	founders	think	they	can	wait	to	write	down	their	values,	that	they’ll	appear	to	them	just	in
time,	and	that	culture	will	develop	naturally.	That’s	true,	but	be	forewarned	that	it	may	not	be	a	culture
you	want	for	you,	your	team,	or	your	customers.
  You	can	start	small	and	grow	from	there.	But	it	is	important	to	start	having	these	conversations—even	if
it’s	just	with	yourself.	You	can	communicate	your	values	through	pithy	statements,	or	you	can	draw	them
out	into	long	stories,	but	you	should	start.
  At	Gumroad	our	values	exist	in	a	culture	doc	titled	“What	Matters.”	And	to	help	you	get	started	with
your	own,	I’ve	embedded	them	for	your	reference	below.	They	may	not	be	exactly	the	right	values	for	your
company,	but	I	hope	they’re	a	good	starting	point	for	reflection	and	action.
  At	 this	 point	 you	 are	 already	 familiar	 with	 Gumroad,	 the	 product.	 Introducing	 .	 .	 .	 Gumroad,	 the
company!
This	value	is	about	being	real	about	what	matters:	the	experience	creators—and	their	customers—have
when	they	use	Gumroad.
  How	I	communicate	this	internally:
This	value	is	a	way	to	define	and	to	encourage	growth.	Though	superlinearity	is	a	mathematical	concept
referring	to	a	function	that	eventually	grows	faster	than	any	linear	one,	at	Gumroad	it	represents	our
willingness	to	learn	at	a	constantly	accelerating	pace.
  How	I	communicate	this	internally:
  What	this	means	in	practice	is	that	job	responsibilities	at	Gumroad	change	quickly.	Employees	might
outgrow	their	roles	and	leave	Gumroad	to	start	their	own	companies.	Great!
This	value	is	about	building	a	company	of	like-minded	people.	I’m	a	CEO,	and	I	think	it’s	a	pretty	great
job,	so	I	want	to	create	a	company	full	of	them.
  How	I	communicate	this	internally:
  Most	people	don’t	want	to	be	CEOs;	most	people	don’t	want	to	work	for	a	company	that	has	these
expectations	for	its	workforce.	That’s	fine	too;	the	people	who	do	want	to	become	CEOs	find	our	situation
appealing,	and	they’re	the	ones	I	believe	will	create	the	most	value	for	our	creators	anyway.
Given	you’re	reading	our	internal	values,	this	is	likely	the	clearest	of	the	bunch.
  How	I	communicate	this	internally:
  This	manifests	in	numerous	ways,	like	making	our	onboarding	documents	publicly	available	and	sharing
our	financials	on	Twitter	every	month.	That	way,	not	only	does	everyone	who	works	at	Gumroad	know
what	we’re	about,	but	our	customers	and	anyone	who	might	even	think	about	working	at	Gumroad	knows
too.
  I	recommend	this	level	of	transparency	to	everyone.	The	upside	is	that	some	of	the	people	who	get	to
know	more	about	your	company	will	love	you.	The	downside	is	that	some	won’t.	They	won’t	agree	with
the	way	you	do	business.	They’ll	disagree	with	your	policies	on	product	quality	and	remote	work	or	pick
apart	your	numbers.	Having	a	point	of	view	and	putting	it	into	practice	can	be	polarizing,	but	if	what
you’re	doing	works	for	you,	your	customers,	and	your	employees,	and	the	company	is	profitable,	you	can
sleep	at	night	knowing	you’re	doing	the	right	thing.	No	one	can	take	it	away	from	you.
  Another	plus	is	that	when	things	aren’t	going	well,	transparency	can	lead	to	the	kind	of	reflection	that
will	 make	 things	 better.	 The	 most	 profound	 thing	 I	 have	 learned	 running	 a	 company	 has	 been	 the
difference	between	behavior	and	intention.	Behavior	is	what	someone	is	doing;	intention	is	why	they’re
doing	it.	Most	people	judge	themselves	based	on	their	own	intentions	but	then	judge	others	based	on
their	behavior.	Transparency	makes	that	difficult,	if	not	impossible.
  As	the	CEO	of	an	impactful	company,	it’s	important	for	me	to	be	open	about	my	intentions.	Then	others
can	look	at	my	behavior	and	suggest	improvements	so	that	they	match	up	better.	Sunlight	may	not	always
be	the	best	disinfectant,	but	it	often	helps.
  Transparency	isn’t	just	about	what	we	show	to	the	world;	it’s	also	about	how	we	operate	internally.	In
chapter	3,	I	talked	about	the	processes	we	use	to	run	our	business,	all	of	which	are	documented	and
available	for	every	employee	to	see.	Day-to-day,	we	use	tools	such	as	Slack	and	Notion	to	keep	everyone
in	our	company	aware	of	what	is	happening	and	to	give	employees	clarity	about	how	their	work	matters.
It’s	easy	for	people	to	peer	into	anything	if	they’re	curious	(or	take	over	if	need	be).	The	cumulative	effect
of	the	open	environment	we’ve	created	with	public	numbers,	no	meetings,	and	open	communication	is
that	there	are	no	secrets	and	no	FOMO.
  For	 example,	 everyone	 at	 Gumroad	 can	 see	 via	 an	 online	 dashboard	 how	 much	 our	 creators	 are
earning.	It	does	run	the	risk	of	creating	a	counterproductive	obsession	with	the	numbers	(sometimes	it	is
the	 founder’s	 job	 to	 worry	 about	 the	 bottom	 line,	 not	 the	 employees’),	 but	 generally	 I’ve	 found	 that
empowering	your	team	with	the	data	they	need	to	make	their	own	decisions	creates	a	better,	more	self-
sufficient	 organization.	 Plus,	 it	 means	 you	 need	 to	 do	 less,	 which	 is	 a	 big	 reason	 you	 chose	 to	 be	 a
minimalist	entrepreneur	in	the	first	place.
  We	also	give	everyone	access	to	the	traffic	dashboards,	and	several	of	our	engineers,	when	they	are
looking	to	take	a	break	from	their	normal	workload,	will	go	in	there	and	see	what	pages	of	the	site	they
can	 speed	 up.	 These	 are	 things	 I	 may	 never	 have	 prioritized,	 but	 they	 save	 our	 customers	 time	 and
improve	our	product	offering.
  Ultimately,	if	you	hire	well,	your	employees	will	be	better	managers	of	themselves	than	you	could	ever
be.	And	in	the	long	run,	giving	everyone	autonomy	allows	you	to	be	a	peer	to	your	employees	so	that	you
can	code	alongside	your	engineers,	design	alongside	your	designers,	and	spend	your	time	creating	and
building	something	impactful	rather	than	constantly	managing	others.	As	long	as	you	continue	to	lay	out
the	long-term	vision	for	the	company	based	on	clearly	articulated	values,	your	employees	will	be	happy	to
support	you.
  Transparency	also	matters	when	it	comes	to	the	harder	things	like	money.	At	Gumroad,	we	disclose
everyone’s	salary	in	the	company	to	everyone	else,	using	a	simple	spreadsheet	I	keep	up	to	date.	This	lets
people	feel	good	about	how	much	they	make	and	minimizes	information	asymmetry	between	me	and	the
rest	of	the	team.	Revealing	that	kind	of	information	may	seem	scary	at	first,	but	that’s	just	because	it’s
unusual.	In	practice	it	vastly	reduces	the	number	of	questions	people	ask	about	their	compensation,	and	it
also	helps	combat	wage	disparity	because	of	bias.
  Laying	out	the	numbers	behind	the	business	and	the	salaries	you’re	paying	people	tells	your	employees
how	their	work	contributes	to	the	overall	profitability	of	the	business.	That	information	makes	it	easier	for
everyone	when	it	comes	time	to	have	an	honest	conversation	about	how	much	they	deserve	to	get	paid.
Global	studies	reveal	that	79	percent	of	people	who	quit	their	jobs	cite	“lack	of	appreciation”	as	their
reason	for	leaving,	and	though	it’s	normal,	even	expected,	for	employees	to	outgrow	your	company	and
move	on,	you	don’t	want	unnecessary	turnover	to	be	a	part	of	the	culture	of	your	business.
I	don’t	like	to	manage.	I	would	much	rather	have	ten	amazing	people	on	my	team	than	a	hundred	good
ones.	That	might	mean	that	we	cannot	ship	as	much	code	as	the	next	startup	on	an	absolute	basis,	but	on
a	per-person	basis	we	are	far	more	productive	and	more	fulfilled	because	of	it.
  Ultimately,	 a	 company	 scales	 successfully	 because	 employees	 are	 empowered	 to	 help	 customers
without	your	intervention.	Your	job,	and	the	job	of	any	management	team	you	build,	is	to	give	them	the
resources	to	succeed,	and,	when	necessary,	the	thirty-thousand-foot	view	so	they	can	clearly	see	where
their	work	fits	into	the	big	picture	without	having	to	undertake	the	stressful	process	of	investigating	on
their	own.
  Don’t	 be	 a	 product	 visionary—or,	 worse,	 a	 product	 dictator.	 Your	 company	 shouldn’t	 be	 a	 cult	 of
personality,	building	exclusively	what	you	want	on	the	timelines	you	decide.	WeWork	is	one	example	of
how	that	path	leads	to	certain	doom.	Among	the	numerous	excesses,	questionable	decision	making,	and
lavish	 capital	 infusions	 based	 on	 little	 evidence	 that	 the	 company	 might	 ever	 be	 profitable,	 one
fascinating	detail	stands	out.	Even	though	WeWork’s	business	has	nothing	to	do	with	surfing,	the	board
approved	a	$13	million	investment	in	a	company	that	made	artificial	wave	pools	because	former	CEO
Adam	Neumann	is	an	avid	surfer.
  That,	 of	 course,	 is	 an	 extreme	 case	 of	 the	 ways	 in	 which	 a	 CEO’s	 ideas	 and	 preferences,	 however
irrational	and	counter	to	the	interests	of	the	business,	can	sink	the	business	itself,	but	the	point	still
stands.	Whether	you	have	three	employees	or	three	hundred,	have	clear	key	performance	indicators	(KPI)
that	everyone	knows	about	and	can	measure	their	work	against,	which	will	allow	everyone	to	either	talk
to	or	build	for	customers.
  The	 Peter	 Principle,	 coined	 by	 educator	 Laurence	 J.	 Peter,	 states	 that	 “the	 tendency	 in	 most
organization	hierarchies,	such	as	that	of	a	corporation,	is	for	every	employee	to	rise	in	the	hierarchy
through	promotion	until	they	reach	a	level	of	respective	incompetence.”
  Though	it	was	originally	meant	as	satire,	you	may	be	able	to	relate	to	the	idea	that	within	a	strict
hierarchy,	everyone	gets	stuck	with	the	job	they’re	not	good	at.	At	Gumroad,	I’ve	tried	to	turn	the	Peter
Principle	on	its	head.	Employees	work	for	customers.	I	work	for	my	employees.	The	best	people	continue
to	do	the	jobs	they’re	best	at	as	they	get	promoted—they	just	get	paid	more	to	do	it.
  The	problem	with	managers	is	that	they	aren’t	really	invested	in	the	success	of	the	people	they	manage.
But	sometimes	it’s	more	than	just	being	invested	in	your	employees’	success	on	the	job;	it’s	about	caring
about	and	investing	in	your	employees’	career	aspirations	and	growth—beyond	what	your	company	might
require.	It’s	about	the	long-term	game	for	everyone	involved.
  This	might	even	mean	encouraging	your	employees	to	leave	to	find	more	growth	elsewhere,	which	we’ll
cover	at	the	end	of	this	chapter.
Gumroad	has	been	remote	since	2015.
  I	think	that	remote	work	is	going	to	be	the	norm	for	pretty	much	every	business	that	doesn’t	need	an
office.	Which	is	almost	every	business	that	pivoted	and	figured	out	a	way	to	keep	going	with	a	distributed
team	during	the	COVID-19	pandemic.
  When	you	don’t	have	an	office,	you	don’t	need	to	restrict	yourself	to	the	folks	in	your	local	geography.
You	 can	 hire	 people	 across	 the	 world—finding	 the	 best	 people	 and	 bringing	 them	 into	 your	 company
without	either	of	you	ever	leaving	home	or	needing	to	fly	halfway	across	the	world.
  Once	you’ve	taken	that	step,	you	might	realize	that	other	conventional	wisdom	about	how	to	run	a
company	doesn’t	make	sense	either.	Meetings,	for	example.	Most	companies	use	meetings	as	an	essential
tool	to	get	their	work	done,	but	we	don’t	have	meetings	at	Gumroad.	We’ve	even	taken	it	a	step	further:
we’re	fully	asynchronous.	This	has	meant	that	for	us,	all	communication	is	thoughtful.	Because	nothing	is
urgent—unless	the	site	is	down—discussion	takes	place	only	after	mindful	processing.
  But	what	happens	when	something	urgent	does	happen?	The	truth	is	that	our	business	model	doesn’t
produce	the	kind	of	“drop	everything	and	deal	with	it	now”	situations	that	might	occur	if,	for	example,
your	company	is	reliant	on	business	development	and	a	key	customer	is	pulling	out	because	of	a	feature
degradation	or	a	missed	deadline.
  If	 something	 does	 require	 near-immediate	 engagement,	 we	 use	 Slack	 as	 our	 closest-to-real-time
communication	channel.	GitHub	is	where	we	keep	our	codebase	and	where	engineers	submit	their	code
for	peer	review	before	it	is	merged	in	and	deployed	live.	Notion	is	for	everything	else.	It	is	what	we	use	to
host	our	roadmap	(which	we	make	public)	and	our	product	development	processes,	as	well	as	where	we
house	our	knowledge	sharing	around	how	each	person	does	their	job.
  This	three-pronged	system	is	a	useful	heuristic	to	help	employees	know	where	to	go	to	get	help	when
they	need	it.	In	a	few	hours,	Slack.	In	a	day	or	two,	GitHub.	Longer	than	that,	Notion.	Transparency
around	metrics	and	team	compensation	is	important—but	it’s	also	important	to	make	it	easy	to	surface
the	right	information	at	the	right	time	for	the	right	people.
  If	 something	 does	 need	 to	 be	 discussed	 in	 really-real	 time,	 we	 now	 use	 Clubhouse	 for	 audio-only
conversations.	As	a	bonus,	we	can	pull	our	customers	into	meetings	much	more	easily	than	if	it	were	a
Zoom	call.
  This	culture	requires	everyone	to	tell	everyone	else	when	they	plan	to	do	“deep	work,”	a	term	coined	by
writer	Cal	Newport	indicating	focused,	cognitively	demanding	tasks.	Much	of	the	work	we	do,	including
writing,	 coding,	 and	 designing,	 doesn’t	 lend	 itself	 well	 to	 interruptions.	 Beyond	 setting	 expectations,
people	can	decide	how	they	wish	to	implement	this.	They	can	let	others	know	when	they	plan	to	surface
and	respond	to	questions,	or	they	can	turn	off	their	notifications	for	weeks	on	end.	For	me,	this	is	as
simple	as	blocking	out	times	in	my	calendar.
  Clear	expectations	around	availability	allow	people	to	build	their	work	around	their	life,	not	the	other
way	around.	This	is	especially	great	for	new	parents,	but	everyone	benefits	from	being	able	to	structure
their	days	to	maximize	their	happiness	and	productivity,	and	most	people	can	learn	to	manage	themselves
and	be	productive	and	impactful.
  I	 recognize	 that	 what	 I	 do	 and	 what	 we	 do	 at	 Gumroad	 may	 not	 work	 for	 every	 founder	 or	 every
company,	 depending	 on	 the	 nature	 of	 the	 business.	 While	 flexible	 work	 hours	 are	 becoming	 more
common,	some	companies	function	best	when	they	are	totally	asynchronous	and	remote	like	us,	while
others	use	a	hybrid	of	remote	work	and	shared	time	at	coworking	spaces.	As	long	as	you	keep	a	laser
focus	 on	 delivering	 the	 best	 product	 to	 your	 customers,	 creating	 a	 system	 that	 works	 will	 develop
organically	from	the	bottom	up	rather	than	feeling	like	something	dictated	from	the	top.
  Ultimately,	it’s	up	to	you	to	decide	what	kind	of	house	you	want	to	live	in	and	then	find	people	who
agree.	Gumroad’s	values	are	a	little	offbeat.	You	might	even	say	they’re	a	little	scary.	But	they	guide
everything	we	do,	and	they	communicate	what	the	world	needs	to	know	about	our	company.	Our	values
may	 not	 work	 for	 most	 people.	 For	 them,	 Gumroad	 isn’t	 a	 fit.	 Luckily,	 there	 are	 millions	 of	 other
companies	that	are.
Hiring	before	defining	your	values	and	culture	is	a	challenge	many	founders	face,	perhaps	because	it	is
the	default,	but	luckily	it’s	an	issue	you	can	come	back	from.
  Janessa	 White	 and	 Matt	 Dalley	 are	 two	 founders	 who	 ran	 into	 trouble	 when	 they	 started	 hiring	 at
Simply	Eloped,	a	company	that	helps	couples	plan	intimate	or	destination	weddings.	Up	until	then,	Matt
and	Janessa	had	been	doing	everything	right.	They	grew	slowly	and	were	strategic	about	every	dollar
they	spent.	Before	they	started	hiring,	they	had	performed	every	function—customer	service,	marketing,
sales—themselves,	 and	 it	 had	 allowed	 them	 to	 develop	 their	 own	 systems	 and	 to	 be	 adaptable	 and
creative,	especially	when	it	came	to	money.
  They	had	also	made	conscious	choices	about	the	vendors	they	hired	to	represent	Simply	Eloped.	“The
wedding	industry	can	be	full	of	discrimination,	so	from	the	very	beginning,	we	built	relationships	with
officiants,	florists,	bakers,	and	others	who	shared	our	values	and	felt	comfortable	with	all	sorts	of	couples.
I	had	spent	years	talking	with	customers,”	Janessa	said,	“and	I	knew	that	we	were	offering	the	kind	of
affordable,	inclusive	service	that	people	couldn’t	find	anywhere	else.”
  Even	 though	 Matt	 and	 Janessa	 had	 been	 deliberate	 about	 the	 kinds	 of	 external	 relationships	 they
wanted	to	cultivate,	they	hadn’t	been	as	intentional	about	the	culture	they	wanted	to	build	inside	Simply
Eloped.	In	2019,	they	raised	capital	and	began	a	hiring	push.	“We	made	every	mistake	in	the	book,”	they
said.	“We	hired	for	our	wish	list,	we	hired	friends	and	family,	and	we	hired	anyone	who	seemed	nice	and
wanted	a	job.”	The	result	was	what	Janessa	called	a	“cultural	crisis”	during	which	bullying,	gossip,	and
drama	became	commonplace.
  Their	 first	 step	 to	 correcting	 course	 was	 to	 hire	 a	 leadership	 coach	 who	 began	 the	 process	 of
identifying	what	was	happening	and	how	to	fix	it.	Matt	and	Janessa	were	forced	to	ask	themselves	what
kind	of	leaders	they	needed	to	be	to	manage	a	growing	team.	They	saw	that	they	had	focused	too	much
on	making	their	employees	“happy”	and	not	enough	time	defining	what	would	best	serve	their	customers
and	provide	the	best	work	atmosphere.
  They	also	realized	that	even	though	they	and	many	of	their	customers	loved	the	company,	it	wasn’t
going	to	be	the	right	fit	for	everyone.	This	revelation	sent	them	back	to	the	drawing	board	to	consider
their	 values,	 which	 they	 now	 define	 using	 the	 acronym	 CACAO,	 for	 “customer-centric,	 ambitious,
compassionate,	 adaptable,	 and	 ownership.”	 What’s	 more,	 they	 translated	 those	 values	 into	 a	 list	 of
attributes	that	describe	the	type	of	person	who	will	thrive	at	Simply	Eloped,	and	they	now	draw	from	that
list	for	their	job	postings.
  In	addition,	Janessa,	Matt,	and	their	team	explicitly	use	Simply	Eloped’s	values	to	highlight	success	and
to	give	feedback;	during	the	weekly	announcements,	Janessa	weaves	in	company	values	to	tell	stories
about	employees’	small	wins;	on	the	flip	side,	if	someone	isn’t	performing	well,	she	can	use	the	values	as
context	for	how	and	why	to	improve.	Values	have	ended	up	being	so	important	at	Simply	Eloped	that	Matt
and	Janessa	even	wrote	a	song	about	them	that	every	employee	learns.
  While	you	may	not	want	or	need	to	write	a	song	about	your	company	values	(we	definitely	are	never
going	to	write	a	song	at	Gumroad),	it’s	worth	noting	how	clearly	Janessa	and	Matt	articulate	and	define
the	company’s	values,	for	themselves	and	for	everyone	who	works	there.	They’ve	found	something	that
works	for	them,	and	their	clear	values	enable	them	to	grow	knowing	where	they’re	going	and	who	they
want	to	bring	along	with	them.
Ultimately,	it	will	be	more	work	to	build	your	company	culture	than	your	product.	But	it	will	also	be	more
valuable.	And	at	the	end	of	it,	you	will	have	a	company	that	fulfills	your	goals	and	the	goals	of	many
others	as	well.
  People	do	not	change	jobs	often,	and	they	often	don’t	declare	to	the	world	when	they’re	thinking	about
doing	so.	In	chapter	5,	we	talked	about	how	marketing	is	about	reminding	prospective	customers	that	you
exist,	over	and	over	again.	Similarly,	hiring	well	is	about	reminding	prospective	candidates	that	you	exist,
and	why	you	exist,	over	and	over	again.
  And	just	like	we	learned	in	chapter	4,	good	sales	isn’t	just	about	sales—it’s	about	education.	Hiring	is
one	of	the	hardest	things	about	startups,	because	it’s	about	product	development,	sales,	and	marketing—
all	at	once!
  Once	you	have	cultural	values	that	work	for	you,	start	to	communicate	them	publicly.	Many	people	fear
that	communicating	these	values	will	alienate	people	from	looking	further	into	their	company.	This	is
exactly	correct.	Clearly	defining	your	cultural	values	allows	most	folks	to	say,	“This	isn’t	for	me,”	and	a
select	few	to	say,	“THIS	IS	EXACTLY	THE	JOB	FOR	ME!”
  Great	people	will	only	apply	if	they	see	a	job	that	matches	(or	exceeds)	their	expectations	for	what	their
ideal	work	life	could	be	like.	If	you	can,	reflect	on	any	painful	or	stressful	job	searches	you’ve	had,	and
how	 often	 you’ve	 gotten	 to	 the	 end	 of	 a	 long	 interview	 process	 with	 a	 company	 only	 to	 realize	 they
weren’t	a	fit	for	you	at	all.
  Communicating	your	values	saves	everyone	time	and	energy.	You	only	want	to	interview	the	candidates
who	think	they’re	a	really	good	fit	for	you,	not	people	who	are	just	looking	for	their	next	job	or	a	pay
raise.	Ultimately,	the	greatest	candidates	are	the	ones	who	plan	to	replace	you.
From	 the	 beginning,	 you	 should	 look	 to	 hire	 people	 who	 are	 better	 than	 you.	 They’re	 not	 there	 to
implement	your	vision	but	to	improve	upon	it	based	on	their	own	interactions	with	customers.
  Some	of	them	may	even	be	your	previous	customers.	At	Gumroad,	we	make	a	point	to	hire	from	our
community	first.
  Many	founders	fail	to	delegate	well,	but	it	begins	with	self-awareness.	Ask	yourself:
    What	do	I	most	enjoy	doing?
    What	am	I	good	at,	and	what	am	I	not	so	good	at?
    What	function	would	be	a	relief	to	pass	to	someone	else?
    How	do	I	spend	most	of	my	time,	and	is	that	the	right	choice?
  Once	you	figure	out	exactly	what	job	you	are	hiring	for,	you	can	figure	out	who	may	be	a	fit.	But	often
you	won’t	know.	Again,	this	is	why	it’s	important	to	get	good	at	shouting	into	the	ether	and	letting	people
come	to	you.
  Your	job	listings	should	be	a	filter,	not	a	magnet.	Most	people	won’t	enjoy	working	at	your	company,	and
your	job	listings	should	make	it	clear	that	they	should	look	elsewhere.	The	people	who	get	all	the	way
through	are	the	ones	you	should	have	more	serious	conversations	with.
  If	you	do	this	well,	hiring	becomes	much	easier	and	faster.	And	because	of	your	minimalist	approach	to
building	your	business,	you	already	have	communities,	customers,	and	a	marketing	muscle	with	which	to
best	engage	them.
  For	example,	a	single	tweet	from	my	personal	Twitter	account	led	to	hundreds	of	applicants:
  This	isn’t	just	true	for	me.	Adam	Wathan’s	single	tweet	about	a	job	working	on	Tailwind	UI	led	to	875
applicants.	His	tweet,	similar	to	mine,	was	clear	and	opinionated:
  Revisit	your	values,	and	make	sure	they	are	embedded	in	your	job	post	just	like	everything	else	that	you
write.	For	Gumroad	that	means	making	it	clear	how	much	we	pay,	what	we	expect	of	our	people,	and
what	we	don’t	offer.	But	your	values	will	be	different	from	ours,	and	so	your	job	posts	will	be	too.
Unfortunately,	not	everyone	who	joins	your	company	will	stick	around	for	the	long	term,	or	maybe	even
the	short	term.	Fit	is	two-way;	when	someone	isn’t	working	out	for	you,	it	also	means	you	aren’t	working
out	 for	 them.	 And	 someone	 who	 isn’t	 a	 great	 fit	 for	 your	 company	 is	 hurting	 their	 own	 long-term
prospects	just	like	they	are	hurting	yours.
  When	in	doubt,	reflect	on	your	values.	Does	this	person	match?	Would	this	person	be	creating	more
value	outside	of	your	company	than	within	it?	Would	you	hire	them	today	if	you	knew	then	what	you	know
now?
  Truthfully,	when	you	start	doubting,	you	probably	know	the	answer	and	just	aren’t	comfortable	making
the	hard	decision	of	letting	them	go.
  Believe	me,	I	know	how	difficult	it	is	to	fire	people.	But	it	is	an	essential	skill	if	you	want	to	build	the
house	you	want	to	live	in.	To	my	people,	I	promise	no	surprises.	Even	if	it’s	not	a	fit,	I	make	it	clear—and,
due	 to	 our	 asynchronous	 culture,	 in	 writing—exactly	 why	 I	 have	 concerns	 that	 it	 may	 not	 be	 a	 fit,
corresponding	each	issue	with	our	values.	I	do	this	at	least	twice	over	several	weeks,	making	sure	they
have	the	clarity	and	time	to	make	the	changes	I	need	them	to	make.
  But	ultimately	it’s	their	choice,	and	often	the	best	thing	you	can	do	is	to	have	an	honest	conversation,
tell	them	it’s	not	working	out,	and	wind	things	down.	Almost	every	time,	they’ll	be	grateful	you	brought	it
up	instead	of	them.	And	if	you’ve	been	hiring	well,	they’ll	find	a	new	job	in	no	time	at	all.	And	you	should
help	them	with	that,	providing	introductions	and	a	positive	reference—you	did	hire	them,	after	all.	They
weren’t	bad	employees,	they	just	weren’t	a	fit	for	you.
  Your	company	is	a	business,	not	a	cult.	Embrace	change,	don’t	abhor	it.
  Speaking	of	change.	.	.	.	At	this	point	you’ll	have	a	product	that	customers	are	happy	paying	for	and	a
company	that	people	are	happy	to	work	for.	What	comes	next?
  If	you’re	having	fun,	you	can	keep	doing	what	you’re	doing.	Or	you	can	do	something	completely	new.
That’s	what	the	next	chapter	is	about.	We’ll	talk	about	broadening	and	deepening	your	impact,	as	well	as
how	to	improve	your	own	quality	of	life.	On	some	level,	that’s	what	this	whole	book	has	been	about:
identifying	and	helping	those	you	love—including	yourself—in	a	way	that	aligns	your	own	life	with	the
lives	of	others.	Let’s	go.
   Read	Reinventing	Organizations,	a	book	by	Frédéric	Laloux,	for	a	mind-bending	look	into	how	the
   structures	of	companies	and	other	organizations	have	changed	over	time.
   Follow	Janessa	White,	co-CEO	and	cofounder	of	Simply	Eloped,	on	Twitter	(@janessanwhite)	for
   insights	from	building	her	business.
   Read	The	Peter	Principle,	a	book	by	Laurence	J.	Peter	and	Raymond	Hull.
We	are	born	to	wander	through	a	chaos	field.	And	yet	we	do	not	become	hopelessly	lost,	because
             each	walker	who	comes	before	us	leaves	behind	a	trace	for	us	to	follow.
                                             —ROBER	MOOR
This	chapter	comes	last,	but	I	rank	it	first	in	significance.
  Even	after	reading	this	book,	you	may	be	asking	yourself	if	now	is	the	best	time	to	start	a	company.
There	is	a	lot	broken	with	the	world,	and	the	future	is	uncertain.	If	you	think	starting	a	business	looks
risky,	you’re	right:	It	is	and	always	will	be.	But	I	believe	it’s	one	of	the	best	ways	to	make	change.
  Never	mind	if	your	business	isn’t	“changing	the	world”	from	day	one,	or	doesn’t	employ	hundreds	of
people.	As	long	as	you’re	making	the	world	better	in	an	honest,	scalable	way	by	selling	a	product	worth
paying	for	to	a	community	that	wants	it,	starting	a	company	is	worth	it.
  I	don’t	think	healing	the	world	only	happens	if	we	are	able	to	make	“a	dent	in	the	universe,”	as	Steve
Jobs	is	famously	misquoted;	it	also	comes	about	by	repeatedly	making	small	choices	that	compound	and
that	improve	our	communities.	You	can’t	change	everything,	but	you	can	and	should	change	a	few	things,
to	start.
  The	reward,	once	you’re	profitable	and	growing	sustainably	because	your	customers	are	spreading	the
word,	 is	 that	 you	 get	 to	 decide	 what	 your	 company’s	 next	 positive	 impact	 will	 be.	 I	 know	 that	 once
Gumroad	got	to	that	point,	it	was	easier	for	me	to	focus	on	a	more	meaningful	life.	But	it	still	wasn’t	easy.
I	had	to	wrestle	with	a	new	definition	of	success,	one	that	would	be	defined	by	a	greater	sense	of	purpose
and	mission.
  “A	healthy	man	wants	a	thousand	things,	a	sick	man	only	wants	one,”	Confucius	is	purported	to	have
said.	Rephrased	in	the	context	of	this	book,	a	minimalist	entrepreneur	without	a	successful,	sustainable
business	only	wants	one	thing	(that!),	while	one	who	has	achieved	it	has	the	world	as	their	oyster.	And
Søren	Kierkegaard	wrote	in	1844	that	anxiety	is	the	“dizziness	of	freedom.”	It’s	what	happens	when	you
stare	at	the	infinity	of	your	own	choices.
  This	is	all	part	of	what	you	get—for	taking	the	risk,	doing	the	hard	work,	and	putting	in	the	time	to	start
and	to	scale	your	business—whether	you	like	it	or	not.	Now	that	you’ve	arrived	at	your	initial	destination,
where	do	you	go	next?	That’s	what	we’ll	spend	this	last	chapter	trying	to	answer.
The	first	thing	I	did	when	Gumroad	became	profitable	was	to	reclaim	a	significant	part	of	my	time.
  I	had	lived	the	founder	life	for	four	years,	working	whenever	I	wasn’t	sleeping,	neglecting	relationships
with	friends	and	family,	and	generally	putting	work	ahead	of	all	else.	With	all	that	behind	me,	I	was	free
to	chart	a	different	course.	I	found	that	when	I	wasn’t	trying	to	placate	investors	or	make	the	company
grow	faster	than	it	was	meant	to	grow,	finally,	I	had	time.	While	I	was	no	longer	on	track	to	become	a
dollar	billionaire,	I	realized	I	was	a	“time	billionaire,”	someone	Graham	Duncan	defines	as	having	at	least
a	billion	seconds	left	in	their	life—or	at	least	thirty-one	years.
  I	didn’t	have	a	billion	bucks,	but	I	did	have	the	luxury	(or	agony,	depending	on	how	you	see	it)	of
obligation-free	days	for	the	first	time	in	a	long	time.	I	rented	a	modest	apartment	in	Provo,	gave	up	coffee
and	beer,	and	started	meeting	people	who	shared	my	creative	interests.	After	years	during	which	work
was	the	crux	of	my	identity,	I	wanted	the	rest	of	my	life	to	be	about	anything	else.
  First	off:	using	my	time	to	create	more	time.	I	accomplished	that	by	further	automating,	outsourcing,	or
outright	ignoring	everything	related	to	Gumroad	I	didn’t	enjoy	doing	(see	chapters	3	and	6).	That	way,	I
had	as	much	time	to	do	whatever	I	wanted,	whenever	I	wanted	to	do	it.	Is	this	possible	for	everyone	and
every	business?	I’m	not	certain.	But	I	do	think	that	you’d	be	surprised	at	all	the	stuff	you	don’t	need	to	do
if	you	extricate	yourself	from	situations	and	obligations	your	former	self	would	have	considered	essential.
  Then	I	went	back	to	the	beginning	of	my	journey:	I	started	creating	again.	First,	I	wrote	fantasy	in
Provo	as	part	of	a	creative	writing	workshop	taught	by	Brandon	Sanderson,	one	of	my	favorite	authors.
Afterward,	 I	 stuck	 around	 Utah	 and	 learned	 to	 paint.	 It	 probably	 isn’t	 a	 surprise,	 given	 that	 I	 run	 a
company	that	employs	and	serves	creators,	but	I	like	creating	stuff.
  Creating	ex	nihilo	is	satisfying	and	fun,	especially	when	it	doesn’t	need	to	pay	the	bills,	and	running	a
minimalist	business	allowed	me	to	progress	at	a	rapid	pace.	At	some	points,	I	spent	upwards	of	twenty
hours	a	week	writing	and	painting.	(And	I	haven’t	stopped!)
  But	 for	 me,	 making	 stuff	 doesn’t	 complete	 me,	 just	 like	 chasing	 unicorns	 didn’t.	 I	 still	 cared	 about
having	a	large	impact	on	the	world,	and	I	still	had	a	business	to	help	me	do	it.	I	didn’t	need	Gumroad	to
be	a	billion-dollar	company	to	be	free	to	pursue	my	goals	with	maximal	optionality	and	minimal	baggage.
And	I	promise	that	you	don’t	need	your	business	to	be	that	big,	either,	to	accomplish	all	you	hope	to
accomplish.
  I	believe	our	goal	should	be	to	bring	together	our	passions,	our	missions,	our	professions,	and	our
vocations.	This	is	the	Japanese	concept	of	ikigai,	which	aligns	what	you	love,	with	what	the	world	needs,
with	what	you	can	be	paid	for,	and	with	what	you	are	good	at:
  When	you	are	in	ikigai,	you	feel	at	peace,	and	you	can	work	to	improve	the	world	at	the	same	time.	You
can	live	in	the	present	while	working	toward	a	better	future.
  I	believe	strongly	that	the	arc	of	humanity	is	in	its	infancy,	and	one	of	the	major	ways	we’ll	continue	to
make	 progress	 is	 via	 mindful	 business	 creation.	 One	 key	 reason	 I’ve	 used	 the	 word	 “minimalist”	 to
describe	entrepreneurship	in	this	book	is	because	I	believe	your	business	does	not	need	to	be	the	answer
to	every	question.	Becoming	a	minimalist	entrepreneur	may	result	in	a	great	outcome	for	you	while	also
creating	opportunities	for	your	team	and	your	community,	but	it	is	unlikely	to	solve	every	problem	you
encounter,	either	for	yourself	or	for	the	world.
  The	goal	here	is	to	free	yourself,	to	make	the	business	require	as	little	of	you	as	you	wish	it	to,	so	that
you	can	engage	with	the	world	in	the	way	you	think	best,	whatever	that	looks	like.	For	most,	that	means
freeing	others	too.	You	can’t	free	everyone,	or	build	every	business,	but	you	can	at	least	teach	a	few
people	how.
After	two	years	in	Provo,	I	had	a	new	perspective	on	Gumroad	and	my	mission.	When	I	reimagined	the
future,	I	realized	I	had	the	chance	not	only	to	make	a	life	for	myself	but	also	to	expand	opportunities	for
others	to	make	a	life	for	themselves.
  Building	Gumroad	exposed	me	to	a	whole	new	range	of	creators:	business	owners.	Not	every	act	of
creation	requires	a	business,	but	many	creators	who	reach	scale	start	a	business	to	manage	their	work.
One	of	the	things	I’m	proudest	of	is	that	I’ve	made	the	business	side	of	creation	easier	for	thousands	of
other	people	and	created	business	owners	around	the	world.
  In	2020,	I	stumbled	upon	the	next	step	in	my	journey	to	make	entrepreneurship	accessible	to	all.	Up
until	then,	I	had	experimented	in	investing	in	early-stage	tech	startups	by	becoming	a	limited	partner	in
Arlan	 Hamilton’s	 Backstage	 Capital	 and	 making	 several	 small	 angel	 investments	 in	 startups	 such	 as
Lambda	School,	Figma,	and	Notion.	But	in	the	wake	of	the	George	Floyd	protests	in	2020,	I	knew	I	could
do	more,	and	I	tweeted	about	wanting	to	invest	in	Black	founders:
  That	tweet	led	to	two	hundred	emails	from	Black	founders	and—most	important—four	new	investments
in	startups	founded	by	Black	entrepreneurs.	Since	then,	there	have	been	several	more	through	in-network
referrals.
  But	many	of	these	startups	were	looking	to	raise	more	capital,	and	I	didn’t	have	very	much.	So	I	wrote
a	“memo”	and	emailed	other	investors	in	my	network.	One	responded,	“You	should	start	a	fund,”	and
offered	to	anchor	it	to	help	get	it	off	the	ground.	I	doubled	down	on	my	goal	of	creating	more	CEOs	and
minimalist	entrepreneurs	and	launched	my	own	fund	last	year.
  Even	though	I	never	expected	to	be	a	venture	capitalist	myself,	I	am	now	able	to	support	the	kind	of
founders	I	meet	primarily	through	my	audience	and	through	building	Gumroad	openly	and	transparently.
Today	I	get	to	invest	approximately	$10	million	a	year	in	about	fifty	companies.
  I	still	turn	many	founders	away,	but	that’s	not	necessarily	because	I	don’t	believe	in	what	they’re	doing.
It’s	 because	 most	 businesses	 would	 be	 better	 off	 without	 venture	 capital.	 Ever	 since	 I	 published
“Reflecting	 on	 My	 Failure	 to	 Build	 a	 Billion-Dollar	 Company”	 in	 February	 2019,	 I’ve	 met	 hundreds	 of
minimalist	entrepreneurs	who	have	helped	me	widen	my	mental	model	for	what	a	business	really	is.
  If	you	think	becoming	a	minimalist	entrepreneur	was	a	good	thing	for	you,	you	can	help	other	people
see	the	way.	Peter	Askew	regularly	tweets	out	domain	names	that	he	thinks	would	make	great	businesses
so	that	others	can	follow	in	his	footsteps.	Chris	Cantino	and	Jaime	Schmidt	of	Schmidt’s	Naturals	started
their	own	investment	fund,	Color,	which	supports	and	invests	in	underrepresented	founders.
  Being	a	creator	and	a	minimalist	entrepreneur	is	a	path	that	should	be	available	to	a	huge	array	of
different	kinds	of	people,	and	all	different	kinds	of	employees	and	customers	should	be	able	to	find	the
exact	right	fit	for	themselves.	I	would	argue	that	it	should	be	available	to	all	eight	billion	people	on	this
planet.	Alas,	we’re	not	there	yet.
  Though	minimalist	businesses	cannot	eliminate	discrimination	or	repair	every	disparity	in	access	to
education,	technology,	and	funding,	they	do	offer	a	pathway	for	a	wide	variety	of	entrepreneurs	to	take
control	of	their	own	destinies.	Furthermore,	I	believe	the	path	to	a	more	equitable	future	is	for	more
people	to	create	a	product	or	service	and	sell	that,	not	only	because	it	allows	business	owners	to	make	a
living	from	creating	but	also	because	by	expanding	the	reach	of	entrepreneurship	we	can	serve	people
whose	problems	have	not	yet	been	addressed	by	the	free	market.
  Ultimately,	it’s	up	to	everyone	to	decide	how	they	want	to	run	their	life	and	their	business.	Moving	from
San	Francisco	to	Provo	reminded	me	that	people	have	their	own	visions	of	how	they	want	to	serve	others.
It’s	not	one-size-fits-all,	not	even	close,	nor	should	it	be.	Different	people	have	different	problems	and
require	different	solutions.
We’ve	talked	about	the	myth	of	“changing	the	world”	being	a	distraction	from	the	forest	of	great	business
and	community-serving	opportunities	you’re	already	in.
  But	you	can	still	pick	battles	to	fight,	especially	things	that	are	within	your	control,	like	offsetting	your
carbon	footprint	and	committing	to	a	carbon-neutral	future.	Large	organizations,	which	fuel	the	systems
and	 servers	 that	 many	 minimalist	 entrepreneurs	 use	 to	 power	 their	 businesses,	 are	 accelerating	 this
process	and	making	it	more	straightforward	to	commit	to	carbon	neutrality.	In	2019,	Shopify	committed
at	 least	 $5	 million	 annually	 to	 the	 Shopify	 Sustainability	 Fund,	 which	 will	 invest	 not	 only	 in	 carbon
sequestration	 but	 also	 in	 renewable	 energy	 and	 more	 sustainable	 operations	 for	 both	 merchants	 and
buyers.	By	2030,	Google	has	committed	to	running	on	carbon-free	energy	everywhere	at	all	times.
  But	it’s	not	just	about	relying	on	big	business	and	its	infrastructure	to	do	the	work.	We	can	use	our
companies	to	make	our	own	contributions	to	saving	the	planet	no	matter	what	size	they	are.	Emily	LaFave
Olson,	founder	of	Rainbow	Road,	a	plant-based	ice-cream	company,	is	committed	to	using	food	as	a	tool	to
heal	the	planet.	After	she	sold	her	first	company,	Foodzie,	an	online	gourmet	marketplace,	and	closed	her
second,	Din,	a	meal	kit	delivery	service,	she	too	found	herself	asking,	“What’s	next?”
  Her	personal	mission	was	to	get	closer	to	the	earth,	and	she	and	her	family	moved	to	Hawaii	as	she
considered	her	next	venture.	One	idea	kept	coming	to	mind:	ice	cream.
  She	set	out	to	build	Rainbow	Road	into	a	company	that	makes	delicious	ice	cream	by	way	of	a	full-cycle,
circular	system	that	is	good	for	the	earth.	“Pono	is	a	word	in	Hawaiian	that	means	harmonious,”	she	says,
“and	 I	 keep	 the	 company	 and	 myself	 in	 balance	 by	 always	 keeping	 our	 mission	 in	 mind	 as	 I	 make
decisions	and	tell	our	story.”
  Having	raised	venture	capital	for	her	two	previous	companies,	she’s	committed	to	bootstrapping	for
now	in	order	to	preserve	full	decision-making	control	and	to	focus	on	profitability	and	taking	her	time.
“I’m	creating	longevity	by	building	a	foundation	more	slowly,”	she	says,	“so	I	ask	myself,	‘What	is	the	next
smallest	step	I	can	take?’ ”	That	has	allowed	Rainbow	Road	to	grow	in	a	way	that	feels	sustainable	for	the
company	and	for	the	world.	“I	can	grow	something	really	substantial	with	baby	steps,	so	I’m	not	afraid	of
taking	the	longer	path.”
  Do	your	research,	figure	out	what	really	works,	and	start	putting	your	mouth	where	your	money	is.
I	haven’t	taken	this	path	yet,	but	I’ve	thought	about	it.	One	day	I	may	want	even	more	of	my	time	back,	or
I	may	want	to	serve	a	totally	different	group	of	people	in	a	totally	different	way.	Just	like	I	don’t	expect
anyone	else	to	work	at	Gumroad	forever,	I	don’t	expect	to	either.	Ultimately,	I	will	let	it	go,	either	by
choice	or	by	force—and	I	certainly	hope	it’s	the	former.
  You	will	ultimately	have	to	make	the	same	kind	of	decisions.	You	may	walk	away	from	your	business
completely.	You	may	retire	on	a	beach	and	feel	like	your	work	is	done.	You	may	decide	to	double	down,
raise	money,	and	take	a	big	swing	with	your	next	company.	You	may	find	a	new	CEO	but	stay	involved	in
the	running	of	the	company	as	chairperson	of	the	board,	or	start	a	nonprofit	to	tackle	the	next	problem
you	find.
  But	where	specifically	do	you	go	from	here?
  The	answer	 is	 that	I	 don’t	 know.	This	 question	never	 goes	 away,	and	 there	 will	 never	be	 one	 right
answer	 for	 every	 founder.	 This	 is	 why	 you	 should	 always	 try	 to	 build	 the	 right	 business	 for	 yourself
selfishly	while	at	the	same	time	also	serving	a	community	of	others	selflessly.	And	you	should	prioritize
your	happiness	while	you	do	it!
  I	know	it’s	a	lot	to	ask,	but	it’s	time	to	ask	yourself	why.
  You	picked	a	community.	Why	that	one?	You	shipped	a	manual	valuable	process	and	then	iterated	it	into
a	minimum	viable	product.	Why	did	you	choose	to	solve	those	problems	in	the	ways	that	you	did?
  If	memory	serves,	you	then	sold	that	product	to	a	hundred	customers,	who	happily	paid	for	it.	Who	did
you	reach	out	to	first,	and	why	them?
  You	marketed	the	business	and	grew	yourself	and	your	team	alongside	it.	Why,	why,	why?
  And	finally:	Why	do	I	want	to	move	on	from	here?	Why	do	I	need	to	go	anywhere	at	all?
  What	helped	me,	and	what	will	help	you	as	you	tackle	these	questions,	is	to	spend	your	newfound	time
reflecting	on	your	past	and	observing	your	present	to	figure	out	who	you	are	and	what	you	really	want.
Then	you	can	figure	out	how	to	get	what	you	want	so	you	can	stop	asking	these	questions	at	all.
  Your	“purpose”	may	be	to	create	more	creators,	or	to	help	more	people	start	businesses,	or	to	retire	on
a	beach	and	spend	all	your	time	surfing.	I	won’t	pretend	to	know.
  My	goal	in	this	book	was	to	give	you	the	tools	that	would	enable	you	to	build	a	business	that	ultimately
gives	you	the	choice	and	freedom	to	decide	for	yourself.	It’s	up	to	you	now.	What’s	next?
  Whatever	you	do,	send	me	a	message	and	let	me	know.	I’m	on	the	internet:
  sahil@hey.com
Let’s	start	at	the	beginning.	What’s	the	plan?	You	have	a	business	idea,	hopefully.	And	because	you	picked
the	right	community	to	serve,	and	became	a	pillar	within	it,	you	have	a	good	plan	of	attack	to	get	started
on	building	your	MVP	(manual	valuable	process	first,	then	a	minimum	viable	product).	You’re	going	to	get
to	a	hundred	customers,	and	only	then	worry	about	launching!
  Soon	after—or	maybe	you’re	already	there—you	will	be	profitable	and	in	control	of	your	destiny.	You’ll
learn	how	to	stay	there	as	you	get	a	good	grip	on	the	legal,	operational,	and	financial	components	of
running	your	business.
  You’ll	craft	a	culture	that	attracts	the	kind	of	people	you	love	working	with	and	for.	It	won’t	be	easy,	but
your	business	will	grow,	and	you	will	start	to	solve	new	problems	over	time.
  Most	important,	your	identity	will	not	be	wrapped	up	in	your	business.	You	won’t	need	to	do	anything
you	don’t	want	to,	at	least	not	for	more	than	a	couple	of	hours	a	week.	Take	that,	Tim!
  Of	course,	even	then	the	journey	isn’t	over.	It	never	is.	It	won’t	be	easy	or	quick	or	straightforward.	It
will	take	a	lot	of	time,	and	perhaps	a	few	attempts,	but	that’s	okay,	because	you	have	a	whole	life	ahead	of
you	to	figure	things	out.	And	it’s	not	about	avoiding	failure	but	getting	to	success,	eventually.	The	longer
it	takes	to	win,	the	more	prepared	you’ll	be,	because	you	will	get	better	every	year	that	it	takes.
  In	this	book,	we’ve	mostly	spoken	about	successful	businesses.	But	every	successful	entrepreneur	has
many	failed	attempts.	In	the	years	before	Gumroad’s	creation,	I	built	and	launched	several	dozen	things.
Almost	all	of	them	failed.	Gumroad	worked,	though.	And	you	only	need	to	be	right	once.
  But	humanity	needs	millions	if	we	hope	to	get	out	of	this	mess.	(We’ll	always	be	in	a	mess.)	Regardless,
I	believe	the	future	of	entrepreneurship	is	the	future	of	humanity,	and	so	the	more	companies	that	get
started	the	better.	And	the	best	way	to	get	more	companies	started	is	to	make	it	easy,	accessible,	and
attainable.
  I’m	not	trying	to	convince	you.	Rather,	I	think	you’ll	understand	it	deeply	when	you’re	running	your
own	business.	Your	work	is	necessary.	The	business	you	will	start	is	necessary.	These	kinds	of	businesses
have	been	necessary	for	hundreds	of	years	and	will	be	for	thousands	of	years	more.	There’s	nothing	new
about	them.
  If	 you’re	 struggling	 to	 even	 come	 up	 with	 a	 problem	 to	 solve,	 be	 patient.	 Look	 around	 and	 pay
attention.	Humanity	is	just	getting	started,	and	it’s	unlikely	that	anything	we	do	today	will	resemble	how
we	do	it	in	the	future.
  One	day,	your	life	and	work	will	align.	You’ll	have	a	purpose	that	unifies	everything	you	do.	You’ll	get
paid	to	do	what	you	love.	Your	business	will	grow	as	long	as	you	keep	being	you.
  All	of	these	things	will	happen.	But	only	if	you	do	the	most	important	thing	and	.	.	.
Start.
Family	first:	my	mom,	Shamina	Lavingia,	and	my	dad,	Ayaz	Lavingia,	and	my	brother,	Samir	Lavingia,	for
creating	and	shaping	me.	And	my	wife,	Kaede	Takeshige,	for	bearing	with	and	encouraging	me	all	the
while.
  Like	 all	 the	 businesses	 mentioned	 in	 this	 book,	 The	 Minimalist	 Entrepreneur	 is	 the	 product	 of	 a
community.
  The	idea	originally	came	from	Merry	Sun,	my	editor	at	Penguin	Random	House.	She	read	my	viral
Medium	post	and	suggested	that	we	talk	if	I	was	at	all	interested	in	“expanding	[the]	Medium	post	into	a
nonfiction	book.”	That	was	in	February	2019.
  Merry	introduced	me	to	Lisa	DiMona,	who	became	my	literary	agent	at	Writer’s	House.	Together,	they
encouraged	me	to	move	beyond	my	initial	favorite	title,	Leaving	Startupland,	and	helped	me	zero	in	on
the	topic	of	this	book—businesses	that	focus	on	“creating	value”	in	a	sustainable	way.	They	also	made	me
realize	I	wasn’t	going	to	be	able	to	do	it	myself.
  David	 Moldawer	 helped	 me	 take	 my	 initial	 outline	 and	 transform	 it	 into	 something	 that	 had	 real
structure.	He	also	came	up	with	a	much	better	title:	Stop	Chasing	Unicorns.	I	felt	really	great	about	the
whole	thing	and	signed	a	book	deal	with	Penguin.	That	was	in	December	2019.
  I	started	writing	in	earnest	in	January	2020.	Then	COVID	happened.	Gumroad	started	to	grow	like	a
weed,	and	I—along	with	the	rest	of	the	world—had	an	identity	crisis.	On	the	one	hand,	Gumroad	was
suddenly	on	its	way	(again)	to	becoming	a	“unicorn,”	but	on	the	other,	I	was	not	interested	in	getting	back
on	the	VC	hamster	wheel.	I	wanted	to	craft	a	third	way	for	myself,	and	in	some	ways	already	had;	the	way
I	 ran	 Gumroad—fully	 remote	 and	 with	 no	 meetings	 since	 2016—meant	 I	 was	 more	 prepared	 for	 the
pandemic	than	many	of	my	peers.
  I	was	also	a	lot	busier.	I	completed	the	first	draft	of	the	book	by	summer	2020,	but	it	wasn’t	good
enough.	It	was	too	negative	(Stop	Chasing	Unicorns	doesn’t	tell	you	what	you	should	do),	and	it	wasn’t
backed	up	with	enough	anecdotes	and	real	data.	And	frankly,	representation	was	a	problem.
  Lisa	suggested	I	work	with	Julie	Mosow	to	help	me	take	the	book	“over	the	finish	line.”	Together,	Julie
and	I	finished	the	second	draft	of	the	book	in	December	2020.	We	changed	the	name	to	The	Minimalist
Startup,	 and	 then	 The	 Minimalist	 Entrepreneur.	 Almost	 two	 years	 into	 writing	 the	 book,	 I	 finally
understood	what	this	book	was	meant	to	be	about	all	along.	It’s	about	a	new	kind	of	human	and	a	new
kind	of	lifestyle	that	software	has	enabled	through	“permissionless	leverage.”	The	year	2020	gave	the
world	a	peek	into	the	future,	and	I	happened	to	already	be	living	in	it.	Another	example	why	you	should
start,	then	learn.
  Together,	Merry,	Lisa,	David,	Julie,	and	I	are	responsible	for	most	of	the	words	in	the	book.	But	the
writing	process	didn’t	end	there!	In	February	2020,	I	taught	a	cohort-based	course	to	test	the	ideas	in	the
book	and	make	sure	they	resonated.	Each	week,	the	136	“students”	read	and	gave	feedback	chapter	by
chapter.	At	the	end	of	the	month,	we	had	hundreds	of	comments—about	what	was	boring,	confusing,	or
implausible—to	address.
  Those	students—and	coaches—include:	Bhaumik,	Timothy,	Jonah,	Shane,	Somvir,	Shahena,	Jens,	Nasir,
Robin,	Akash,	Jamil,	Dario,	Covington,	Adam,	Kirill,	Ganesh,	James,	Carlos,	Karl,	Asim,	Surya,	Binh,	Josh,
Rajat,	 Aneesh,	 Ditri,	 Karan,	 Yousef,	 Yousef-Husaini,	 Rahul,	 Dhruba,	 Hera,	 Brian,	 Addy,	 Padi,	 Michael,
Matthew,	 Andrew,	 Preetham,	 Matthew,	 Marty,	 Vaughan,	 Shaik,	 Manuel,	 Ari,	 Prab,	 Isaac,	 Jon,	 Nick,
Mukesh,	Julian,	Chandan,	Gagan,	Rachel,	Sergio,	Sahil,	Shawn,	Monte,	Aman,	Theola,	Amin,	Pradeep,
Prolok,	Sam,	Greg,	Woody,	Evan,	Sean,	Ashray,	Eli,	Manan,	Ozgur,	Scott,	Shirish,	Gerben,	Justin,	Ciprian,
Ahmed,	Ashwin,	Josh,	Obaid,	Carl,	Nara,	Sridhar,	Andrew,	Alex,	Clint,	Nick,	Mike,	Marvin,	Bugi,	Amar,
Wes,	Lia,	Crystal,	Michael,	Mert,	Tribe,	Workast,	Yasaman,	Manish,	David,	Raphael,	Mateo,	Nate,	Tobin,
Mike,	Hunter,	Michael,	Sergey,	Aravind,	Akhil,	Yazane,	Sergio,	John,	Riddhi,	Yuhan,	Simon,	Daniel,	Luca,
Carlos,	 Razvan,	 Lorenzo,	 Eduardo,	 Murat,	 Devan,	 Ben,	 Marcos,	 Assim,	 Francis,	 Vishal,	 Thomas,	 Raul,
Vladimir,	 Prashanth,	 Ralph,	 Pramod,	 Inga,	 Soumya,	 Louise,	 Zach,	 Nate,	 Soleil,	 Clark,	 Sagar,	 Charles,
Albert,	Connor,	Gonzalo,	Marissa,	Clement,	Nate,	Minjun,	Vince,	Monish,	Amaan,	Joshua,	Justin,	Jenny,
and	Audrey.
  And	address	we	did.	So	if	you	liked	the	book,	it’s	due	to	a	community	of	just	about	150	people.	And	if
you	didn’t	like	the	book	.	.	.	Well,	it	was	all	me!
  Dillon	Blue	and	Amy	Stellhorn	from	Big	Monocle	designed	the	cover	with	help	from	Brian	Lemus	and
Jen	Heuer	from	Penguin	Random	House.	The	illustrations	are	by	Brian	Box	Brown.
  I’d	also	like	to	thank	the	rest	of	the	folks	at	Penguin	who	worked	on	and	championed	the	book	behind
the	 scenes,	 including	 Adrian	 Zackheim,	 Tara	 Gilbride,	 Niki	 Papadopoulos,	 Jessica	 Regione,	 Gabriel
Levinson,	Regina	Andreoni,	and	Olivia	Decker.
  And	thank	you	for	reading!
